---
layout: post
title: Been a Minute
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

It's been a minute. No thesis in this post - just random updates.


It's fun to ponder how my 2018 self may have reacted if he was to be fully updated on the events that have transpired in the world and my life within the past 4 years. It's been...eventful. It doesn't seem possible to provide a concise summary of all that has happened since, so it makes more sense to describe some of the things that are currently on my mind.


COVID and the challenges of 2021 have made me reduce my expectations of what I will get out of life, and it's simpler than what I wanted at the beginning of 2020. In September 2021, my mother fell down a flight of stairs in India and broke 7 bones. As of this post, she is in recovery, and is estimated to be able to finally walk again by the end of summer 2022. In November 2021, my uncle passed away from cardiac arrest at the age of 59. For most of my adult life, I looked up to him as the purest quintessence of how to lead a healthy, balanced, and stress-managed life. His prolific knowledge of yoga and nutrition and his outward level of calmness and composure in situations fraught with tension always inspired me. In December 2021, my grandfather passed away. While 2020 was a year of sacrifice, 2021 was a year of loss.


Given the events of these past few months, it has seemed clearer that if one can avoid going into debt (i.e. afford to pay one's bills) and keep their family comfortable with shelter/food/water, few things are more valuable to preserve, nurture, and grow than personal relationships (including with the self). It's also possible that a modicum level of savings doesn't hurt if we're trying to survive in a future world with non-guaranteed social security and a severe lack of affordable healthcare.


My situation is by no means unique. By and large, the levels of suffering, the loss of loved ones, and the sheer life tumult that many people have faced during COVID has been outsized.


On a separate note, here are some topics that are currently on my mind. They change a lot and will probably be slightly different in a month's time. Ordered from most to least serious:


- Police Reform, Systemic Racism, and Crime
  - What does the future of qualified immunity legislation look like?
  - How can the prior history of methods and situations in which police departments have dealt with individuals with mental illness serve as a precedent for future system-wide adjustments?
  - How can individuals and policy makers brainstorm and execute more intelligent and creative methods to mitigate crime (white-collar included)?


- Comedy, Culture, and "Free" Speech
  - Numerous comedians and public figures have been criticized in the past few years for statements they have made in the past and present. The United States has historically excelled in exporting its culture, but its culture is in constant evolution.
  - How free is "free" speech? Isn't there a price, collectively determined by surrounding individuals and based on some function of intent and impact, to any word uttered from any person in any tone at any time?
  - How can society better facilitate civilized and healthy conversations between tribes of individuals with conflicting opinions and personalities?


- Vaccines, Science Education, Policy, Leadership
  - What are the deepest root causes for why the United States remains to have an abysmally low national COVID vaccination rate (~65%), especially in comparison to other developed countries?
  - Why is shame and humiliation of vaccine skeptics such a popular resort, and is it the most effective way to increase vaccination rates? Can a variety of strategies be used to advocate for the vaccine, taking into account factors regarding circumstances for skeptics? How can national science education be improved to include vaccine understanding and health prioritization?
  - How can scientists and world leaders be held firmly accountable to be ethical and intellectually honest in nationwide matters of public health and social guidelines?


- Mental Health
  - Counseling & therapy have helped me over the course of the recent challenging events of the past year. How can we effectively encourage more men, and especially men of color, to tackle stigmas and explore therapy and counseling (with or without existing trauma)?
  - What are the largest pitfalls of the glorification of workaholic-ism in America, especially for those of us with medical issues that are exacerbated by overworking? (IBS/IBD victim here)


- Travel
  - For those of us fortunate enough to have sustenance and shelter during COVID, many extraneous activities were pursued as a result of prolonged ennui. Sourdough starters, Peloton workouts, Netflix binges, paintings, YouTube tutorials, push-up challenges, etc. Interestingly, the catharsis of becoming vaccinated in 2021 evoked a sense of wanderlust in many of us. What key factors help determine the correct level and types of planning before traveling somewhere? I am simultaneously a travel-lover and a horrendous leisure travel planner. Any advice is strongly encouraged.


- Web3
  - Only recently started learning about this space through Twitter accts & discord servers. It's challenging to prematurely gauge which suites of products and real-world applications will stick, but there are a lot of energetic builders from various socioeconomic and geographic backgrounds, and it's exciting to see. This is an informative <a href = "https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/a-product-managers-guide-to-web3?utm_source=url" target="_blank"> primer</a>.


- Cooking
  - Cooking (especially with friends/family/partner) warms the heart when it's not exhausting. From pan-friend sheet noodles to shredded turkey-stuffed enchiladas to paneer tikka masala to pad thai, I'm grateful I had the chance to learn how to cook some bangers in the past 2 years.


- Football
  - Four years ago, I didn't care at all about football. But thank goodness I've been enlightened and rescued out of my ignorance; it's a beautiful game. The strategy, the smarts, and the presence of random accounts talking shit with hot takes and getting ratio'ed all over Twitter: it's beautiful. To watch. It's pretty unlikely that I'd let my future kids play the game professionally given the injury rate.


- Running Slower
  - Sleeping. Taking a random walk outside on a sunny day. Books. Cooking a tasty brunch with eggs, pancakes, and breakfast potatoes. Nowadays, I try to dedicate less time to rushing.


- TV
  - I didn't watch much TV prior to 2019, and what an L. It's still the golden age of television. Breaking Bad is hands down the best TV show I've ever seen. Also up there are Narcos, Game of Thrones (which I stubbornly refused to watch until 2021, and I was subsequently humbled), Succession, Community, Ted Lasso, and Silicon Valley. May or may not have watched 6 out of these 7 shows in the past 20 months.
  - To-watch list: Euphoria, Better Call Saul, Westworld
  - Recs?? Preferably dark but not too dark, and one feel-good show for every 5 drama/crime shows. Ted Lasso was a much-needed oasis.


<!-- - Being a softie
  - It's honestly so much easier
 -->









<!-- - Dating
  - No questions here, but ya boy is (currently) single, so holla. Multiple folks that I've gone on dates with have become friends (may or may not be a seasoned expert at getting #friendzoned, but on the bright side, nearly all of them like me as a person since I'm a great fucking friend. Please be my friend. -->


<!-- - Identity
  - I identify as brown, then American, then Desi. I have pride in all three, and my critiques of America and South Asia come from my love for both of them and my desire for them to constantly improve. It feels less scary for oppressed communities to foster pride in their identity than oppressors to have that same pride. What are some nuanced conversations that can be had about the pros and cons of identity pride and tribalism? -->
