---
layout: post
title: NYC Visit
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

I decided to make a short trip to NYC last week, and it was the first time in 3 years I’d been. It’s a wonderful city (lived there in 2017 for 3 months), and here are a few words about my visit.
<br/>
<br/>
On Friday evening, after finishing up the workday at the office, I headed back to San Jose from Mountain View. Given that I departed the office around 5pm, I was expecting some traffic on 101 south, but luckily was able to get home in less than 20 minutes. Once reaching home, I did some laundry so that all 2 of my adidas 3-stripe joggers could be packed: one each for the eastbound and westbound flights. The ride to the airport (SJC) was 10 minutes, and once I got there, I had to check in my carry-on bag.
<br/>
<br/>
Apparently, for purchasing JetBlue flights with a Blue Basic fare (the corollary of United Basic Economy), they don’t allow a carry-on bag beyond a small personal item; only a check-in bag for a $35 surcharge. What’s worse, if a passenger tries to pull a fast one and sneak through a carry-on bag to the gate with a Blue Basic ticket, they are forced to check it in and pay $65. To be frank, this seemed a bit extra, but realizing that this was a stroke of fate befitting the deal I secured on the roundtrip ticket, I went ahead and checked in my small red suitcase. It may be necessary to do this for a Boston trip that’s coming up in June as well, so just a PSA for any prospective travelers out there.
<br/>
<br/>
The flight was a red-eye departing around 10:30pm PDT and reaching NYC around 7:00am EDT in the morning. Having been blessed with a middle seat, I wasn’t able to doze for 2 hours after the flight took off since the guy sitting to my right was humming in his sleep. It was remarkably on pitch and sounded decent but annoying nonetheless on a flight where everyone’s sleep is limited to a 5h30m window. After several rounds of solitaire and battleship, the only 2 games on the in-flight tv, I fell asleep.
<br/>
<br/>
Some turbulence woke me up about an hour before the flight landed, and the Fitbit had tracked 2h37m of sleep, to which I was unable to tack on any additional minutes. After reaching JFK, I walked to the AirTrain only to find that they shut it down for the weekend for construction, and the MTA was offering a free shuttle ride to Howard Beach station as a conduit to the inter-borough train lines. After taking the shuttle and boarding the train, there was a lady that sat down next to me and started speaking Spanish (don’t ask me how or why). She was looking for directions to a friends’ place in New Jersey, and it was her first time ever coming to the United States after graduating from a program in Civil Engineering in Colombia (read: the country, not the college). She was planning to find a job in New York and was in the process of learning English. We had a great conversation, and given that we were going in the same direction (I was headed to Jersey City to my relatives’ place where I was staying), I helped her figure out the directions to Newark Penn station. We ended up going together up to the WTC stop, and then catching the PATH train to Newark (where I got off earlier at Grove St). It’s been a long time since I’ve had that spontaneous of an interaction. Additionally, she had a 50-pound suitcase, and after I offered to (struggle profusely to) help her carry it up and down, I don’t know, probably 10 separate flights of stairs in the WTC station, she was kind enough to offer to pay for my train tickets. Good cardio & good vibes, but I was winded for 5 minutes after carrying that luggage.
<br/>
<br/>
A little before noon, I reached my relatives’ house (a couple), and they have two of the most adorable kids I’ve ever seen (5 almost 6, and 2). We spent the afternoon biking across the waterfront in Newport, and we visited Smorgasborg to get a bunch of food. They own bikes, but I rented a citibike, and honestly 6/10. The riding experience is good, but there’s a random new municipal rule as of 2022 that requires that all purchasers of the $15 day pass need to check in their rented bike into an automated lock stand EVERY 30 MINUTES, and if the timing is missed, the renters are charged. Apparently, on an earlier vacation, my aunt’s sister got charged $100 for omitting this over the course of 3 hours, so I tried to be diligent about it.
<br/>
<br/>
In the evening, I went out for dinner with a friend at this solid Mexican restaurant called Toloache in Midtown. It was nearby Trump Tower, and it was wild to walk by and actually see the infamous escalator, which I’d never seen before. Re: Toloache, after going through most of my recent mexican food experiences in the Mission District in SF, I was honestly a bit skeptical of how the quality would compare, but the food was great. Managed to get some tasty sangrias as well, though I could barely finish mine since I don’t drink that much.
<br/>
<br/>
Sunday was more of the same, and I spent more time with my relatives and their kids. The older one is 5 and is so quick-witted and hilarious. At one point he was refusing to share a toy with his younger brother, and my uncle requested him to share it for 5 minutes. He proceeds to pick up my uncle’s phone and set a timer. After seeing all the parenting in real-time, I was pretty impressed with my aunt and uncle managing 2 kids so well while both working challenging jobs, and I hope to attain their levels of parenting skill one day. Afterwards, we went on a massive grocery haul to the Trader Joe’s in Hoboken, and I cooked two pastas for dinner (one for the kids & one for the adults). The kids one was a tri-color fusilli a la vodka (“red creamy pasta”), and the adults one was a pesto linguini with roasted mushrooms, diced onions, sun dried tomatoes, olives, roasted red peppers, and bomba sauce (the Calabrian pepper paste). Came out pretty well.
<br/>
<br/>
Monday and Tuesday were primarily spent on work (lots of meetings & presentations), and on Monday evening, I went with a friend to a board game cafe in lower Manhattan (The Uncommons) where we played codenames, followed by pizza. In the nights, my relatives and I watched The Dropout, a miniseries on Hulu which details the life & journey of Elizabeth Holmes. The acting and writing was superb, but even though the most salient events from the story were covered, it felt like some of the storytelling was rushed and didn’t sufficiently address the backstories of certain characters. For example, it would have been cool to learn a bit more about the origin stories of characters like Sunny and Edmond, given how instrumental they were to the plot. Essentially, the show was entertaining enough that I would have appreciated additional content.
<br/>
<br/>
Before leaving for the airport, I picked up a couple toys for the kids from the Newport Shopping Center. The journey to the airport on Tuesday evening was surprisingly efficient, and it only took 1h10m door-to-door from my relatives’ place in Jersey to Terminal 5. After spending some time on the flight Kindle reading and snacking on brown sugar cookies, cheez its, pop corners, and a cinnamon granola bar, I passed out.
<br/>
<br/>
A short but sweet trip!
