---
layout: post
title: India Visit
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<!-- <strong> <h3 id="heading2">Philly and Princeton</h3></strong> -->
<br/>
It had been several years since I’d last visited India, but a ripe occasion arose with the wedding of a close family member. Earlier in 2023, I decided to make a trip once the dates had been finalized, and I booked tickets through Lufthansa.
<br/>
<br/>
On the morning of Nov 2, I completed some last-minute packing and headed to the airport immediately after lunch to catch my flight to Frankfurt. My first international trip in 5 years seemed like it would require more luggage, but I ended up needing only two carry-on items (a backpack and a small suitcase) and 1 check-in, and they were mostly empty. As a light packer, I’m continuing the trend for subsequent trips.
<br/>
<br/>
After grabbing an avocado mozzarella sandwich and a herb tonic juice from Joe & the Juice, I made my way to the gate and boarded the flight. Two strangers sitting next to me engaged me in conversation early on, and they had very interesting stories. One of them taught ballet dance in Germany and had been living there since 1980, and the other was a 72-year-old Redwood City native traveling to Germany to watch a Kansas City Chiefs game with his daughter and son-in-law. I usually keep to myself on flights, but we had 3 hours of conversations about everything ranging from Airbnb to operettas to ageism (on both sides of the spectrum). I proceeded to sleep for most of the rest of the flight and read a few research papers on recommender systems. Upon reaching Frankfurt, I decided that it’s the worst airport I’ve been to. The presence of significant loud crowds, coupled with slow and disorganized baggage checks, poor bathroom infrastructure, subsequent delays, and ostensibly unilateral rudeness of the staff indicated to me that I don’t plan on traveling through Frankfurt again. Luckily, I ran into some aunties and uncles at the gate of my next flight, and we commiserated about the quality of airport service. I slept through most of the next flight and reached Bangalore a few hours late, around 3 in the morning on Nov 4.
<br/>
<br/>
After reaching my relatives' place, I got a couple of hours of sleep. In the morning, K and K arrived, and we ate breakfast together before heading to V’s place. It was great to see V and T/K in person after 4 years since San Diego in 2019. The newest addition to the family, N, is super adorable, and we had tons of fun with her over the week. We mostly chilled on Nov 4 and during the day on Nov 5 to recover from jetlag. In the evening of the 5th, K and I went with V to a nice restaurant/bar in Bengaluru Urban to meet some of V’s friends coming from Pittsburgh, and there may or may not be an implicit height requirement for them. They were super cool, and we had a great time—I got a Cosmopolitan and a Whiskey Sour. It was my first bar drink in India.
<br/>
<br/>
The next day on the 6th, a group of us went to a place called Bangalore Cafe, where I tasted what I believe to be the best restaurant-based dosa I’ve ever had. It felt like two dosas coalesced into one, where the outside was crispy and the inside was soft. I’m not usually a coffee person, but I had several filter coffees on this trip, including one at Bangalore Cafe. The rest of the day was spent with a mix of relaxing and helping with logistics, and on the 7th, I met some family for lunch at Woodlands where we got Thalis. In the afternoon, K and I went with V to pick up some alcohol for the necessary pre and post games, and in the evening, K^2/T/V/N and I went to Namma Adigas, where I had some of the best food I’ve had in India (again, not exaggerating). The gobi chilli fry and the kaju masala with cheese garlic naan, along with chaas on the side, were amazing.
<br/>
<br/>
We woke up early in the morning on the 8th and headed to the wedding venue at Ambari, which was an hour’s drive from our residence. Lots of luggage was transported as needed, but we were able to make it to the venue and commence setup work. The events of the day started in the morning and comprised several religious/traditional ceremonies. In the evening, there was a sangeet where I sang (one of V’s favorite Arctic Monkeys songs) and danced in a group dance to Naatu Naatu that we had rehearsed choreo for. V and A did a bunch of couple-based dances as well, and it was a wonderful time!
<br/>
<br/>
The next day was the culmination of wedding events at the venue where I got to meet more relatives, and following this, we headed back home in the evening. Friday was a chill day, and on Saturday, I went on two fun outings: one to visit a music teacher I used to learn from and one to visit my great-uncle and his family. Sunday was Diwali, where most of my close relatives spent the day together, and a small group of us went out for lunch to Kailash Parbat, which had some excellent chaat, North Indian sabzis, and dessert items (including a falooda and a brownie with ice cream).
<br/>
<br/>
Taking a flight back early on Monday morning left me with very curtailed expectations based on the less-than-incredible experience that Frankfurt afforded. However, the several-hour layover in Munich could not have been better. Though sleep-deprived, I had a chance to use a showering lounge in the airport (without flying business/first class), grab some food, and deal with very pleasant staff. Munich airport now has my full confidence, and I’ll plan to fly through there from next time if needed.
<br/>
<br/>
Overall, it was a great time spent with cousins and in-laws! Unmentioned above is that we spent 95% of our free time in Bangalore watching the ICC World Cup (on TV).