---
layout: post
title: Philadelphia/Princeton/Cleveland Visit
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<!-- <strong> <h3 id="heading2">Philly and Princeton</h3></strong> -->
<br/>
Legend has it that Princeton Reunions, an annual alumni event, necessitates the second largest shipment of beer within the United States behind the Indy 500. I hadn't been to campus in 4 years, so I decided to make a trip and combine it with visiting K & S in Cleveland.
<br/>
<br/>
After completing a busy workday on Friday 05/26, I flew out from SFO to Philadelphia with a backpack and a carry-on. The quality of United Airlines was a non-increasing function over the course of the trip, but on the Friday of my departure I still held them in high spirits. After boarding the flight, I was keen on getting some sleep, but for some reason the excitement of being at reunions kept me awake for nearly 2 hours. Thankfully there was no college all-nighter to be pulled, but I only ended up clocking 3 hours of sleep.
<br/>
<br/>
Once I reached Philly in the morning, I went for a sumptuous all-you-can-eat continental breakfast at a hotel with some family & family friends who were in the area for a wedding. Visibly, there might be more billboards for lawyers in Philadelphia (en route from the airport to downtown) than there are in the entire state of California. Pennsylvania’s flat income tax is the lowest of all states that have a flat rate (at 3.07%), so top attorneys have that going for them in comparison to California’s levels.
<br/>
<br/>
Upon reaching campus, I was overcome with an immense feeling of nostalgia. It’s tough to appreciate college in the midst of midterms, finals, recruiting, problem sets, essays, and over-scoped group projects. But as I walked through the Fitz-Randolph gates once again, I couldn’t help but feel significant gratitude for being the first person in my family to have the chance to attend and graduate from a university in the United States. Paying for college tuition and board wasn’t easy for me and my family, but even after all the balances were settled I can safely say that the historic buildings, the picturesque sculptures, and the spacious classrooms mean nothing without the incredible fellow classmates of mine who filled their chambers. While I entered college with the assumptive expectation of Princeton being an unaccommodating place for someone with my background, I feel humbled to have met students from all walks of life, and I feel equally humbled to have learned more from and experienced more with these students than I could ever do by solely sitting in a lecture hall.
<br/>
<br/>
After meeting up with a few friends (including a dear friend J who went to high school with me but is a year older) to get sushi, I went to the P-Rade to catch up with some friends from my year that were there. After the P-Rade, a sizable group of us went to Tower (my former eating club/co-ed fraternity) to hang out and grab some burgers, and a group of about 25 of us eventually headed out for dinner to one of my favorite restaurants on Nassau St: Thai Village. The Pad Thai (with an adjustable added spice level) is phenomenal, and all ~25 of us spent a couple hours there being way too boisterous. Huge props to the staff for informing us point blank that we could be as loud as we wanted, as long as it was in the spirit of alumni enthusiasm. We made several people chug several times at the table (except me since I don’t drink that much), and we received several surprised looks from elderly couples seated nearby.
<br/>
<br/>
Once we finished dinner, a group of us headed to Powers field (the football stadium) to watch the fireworks at 10:15pm, and we must have been there for over an hour. The fireworks and the band were spectacular, and afterwards we pre-gamed (a sacred college tradition) and headed to the tents, which are grouped by 5 year intervals and are where all the parties happen. Me and my friend SK hadn’t purchased wristbands (which are needed to enter the tents), so massive props to RKD/AA/DM for scouting the place out thoroughly and sticking by our sides to find a way to sneak us in via wristband reuse. After we were securely in the tent area, all of us stayed up dancing and vibing out for a long time. Around 2am, we headed back to Frist Campus Center to get a classic “late meal”, which many students often purchase on weekends during the school year after a late night out. Fries taste way better at 2am, and around 3am we headed back to a hotel where D and I crashed in our friends’ room (thanks AJ, RD, VN, and JT).
<br/>
<br/>
On Sunday morning, 5 of us (sadly missing SD since he had to work) had a very wholesome boyos brunch at Tacoria (a delicious restaurant that opened my senior year). Unfiltered banter, career ideas, STEM/math/finance/business, sports, and life convos. I then proceeded to gather my luggage and catch my flight from EWR to CLE.
<br/>
<br/>
Upon reaching Cleveland, KK picked me up from the airport and we headed home to their place, which is a spacious residence with a comfortable guest bedroom. The weather was immaculate in the evening, so the three of us (me, K, S) went on a walk around lower Shaker Lake. We (S) tried climbing some trees and doing some outdoor cartwheels, but I realized I’m significantly less comfortable with even 10-12ft heights without a harness than 10 years ago (with the exception of bouldering since there’s a padded landing).
<br/>
<br/>
The next day, S had to work at the hospital but K and I had the day off for Memorial Day, so we attempted going to the Cleveland Museum of Art ad the Cleveland Museum of Natural History, but we found out upon twice arriving that they were both closed. The historical museum (which I was looking forward to seeing the most) had the first layer of doors completely unlocked and the second layer of doors locked, which presented as a dick move since it left many heightened expectations unmet. We ended up visiting the Cleveland Cultural Gardens, which houses a collection of 35 public gardens contained in Rockefeller Park, with each one pertaining to a country/nationality. The Ukranian one held a statue of Lesya Ukrainka, which was dedicated in 1961 and was designed by Mykhailo Chereshniovsky.
<br/>
<br/>
In the latter part of the afternoon and evening, we went to the Cleveland Botanical Gardens, which housed some intriguing plant and butterfly species, along with a fair share of stray rabbits and squirrels. Following that, K and I went to a Caribbean bar called Johnny Mango and got a couple non-alc mango and beet drinks, respectively, as well as cornbread and nachos. Crispy-edge cornbread with hot sauce and/or chipotle sauce is insurmountable as a food.
<br/>
<br/>
From Tuesday to Friday, K, S, and I were all working during the day, but we made the time to do a collection of fun activities during the mornings and the evenings/nights. On Wednesday morning, K and I went to the Washington Reservation driving range (golfing is something I want to get into doing more regularly), and in the evening, we went to play some tennis close by to home. On Thursday evening, the three of us went out for a nice dinner (the beet risotto was delicious) at Poppy in Buckeye-Shaker, and we had dessert at Mitchell’s ice Cream in the Van Aken district (the wild berry crumble and salted caramel were amazing).
<br/>
<br/>
Before starting work on Friday 06/02 morning, K and I went to the Washington Reservation golf course and played a 9-hole over 2 hours, where I intentionally didn’t keep score. United Airlines hit a stratospheric high (low) on Friday evening for my flight, since it was supposed to depart at 7:47pm but ended up getting delayed 5 times with some very intractable comms until it only departed at 9:06am the following day. I ended up rebooking my flight for Saturday evening without a surcharge and relaxing most of the next day at K+S’s place before departing back to SFO in the evening, to which there were thankfully no additional unsolicited changes. On the flight back, I saw two solid movies: The Independent and A Man Called Otto. Overall, it was a wonderful 8-day trip to the east coast!
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
The trip had some amazing banter, but the quotes that made me laugh the hardest in the moment (intentionally placed out of context here) were:
<br/>
<i>“‘Boof in the morning, boof in the night, boof again tomorrow’ -Gandhi”</i> - El Davide
<br/>
<i>“ What a god”</i> - K
