---
layout: post
title: Mexico Trip
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<br/>
If a resident of the United States or Canada wants to complete an international trip in 6 days, work for the majority of the time during their voyage, and avoid nearly all modes of jetlag, Mexico City is the place to visit.
<br/>
<br/>
N and I decided to make a trip to Mexico to thoroughly experience the city and visit Teotihuacan. After S1’s 30th birthday on the evening of 09/29, S2 very kindly woke up early on a Sunday morning, came from Fremont to San Jose, and helped drop me at the airport at 8:15am for my flight. G had driven N over, so we rendezvoused at the airport and got onto the flight to LA promptly. After a 48 minute layover at LAX, we departed for CDMX and reached earlier than expected. Owing to the saturation of the passenger baggage storage, N and I were obligated to check in our carry-on baggage, and it so happened that his was one of the first 5 bags to come out of the baggage claim and mine was one of the last 5. With the Kahlo museum closing at 6pm, we made a game-time decision to table the visit for another day, drop off our belongings at the airbnb, and head straight to dinner in Roma Norte. On the way from the airport to the Airbnb, we had a fun conversation with the Uber driver around his love for pop and rock music, and spoke thoroughly about the likes of Bruno Mars/Metallica/Harry Styles/Cardi B and their similarities and differences in style and presentation. Subsequently, the rapid consumption of ~6 tacos (each) followed by an extensive stroll through Parque México in Hipódromo with live music, further followed by a 40-min walk each way to the highest rated churrería in the 2 mile radius (CHU-CHO), allowed for an exquisite end to the evening. If you’ve never tried amaranth, cinammon, and dark chocolate fudge on a churro, you’ll want to do that at some point.
<br/>
<br/>
Since I was traveling during a work week, I awoke early on Monday morning to get the day started. N took the chance to pick up some pastries from the local panaderia, and we intentionally saved our appetite for the upcoming Taco Tour (entirely in Spanish) in the evening. After a full day of work, N and I met up at Taqueria Orinoco at 5pm to start with some tacos de trompo (pork). Our tour guide (Nene), explained to us that “trompos” are popular tops in Latin America, which are spun with a string wound up, and the name and the methods of preparation were based lamb shawarma that was introduced to the region by Lebanese migrants in the early 20th century (side by side, gyros and shawarma look very similar to a trompo). Mother Nature then made fools of us for the next hour, and given that N and I intelligently left both of our umbrellas back at the Airbnb, we alternated between sharing Nene’s umbrella under the torrential downpour and taking our unplanned second showers of the day. After a second round of Al Pastor at Tacos de Guisado Lucho, we tried some savory fish tacos at Tres Galeones and culminated the journey with vegan tacos at La Pitahaya (ongos y coliflor). After churros at Churreria El Moro, we said goodbye to Nene; after N subsequently signed their OAI offer an hour later, we celebrated with some drinks at El Palenquito.
<br/>
<br/>
On Tuesday, the workday grind started early, and around 1:30pm, we made our way to Pujol for our 2pm reservation. Pujol was awarded 2 Michelin stars in 2024, and it is currently the highest rated restaurant the entire country, tied with Quintonil. Since 2pm on 10/01 was the only time slot that worked for our schedule during our visit, I decided to bring my work laptop to the restaurant to get some work done from there. The meal took over three hours and it was the greatest dining experience we’ve ever had in our lives. Smoked baby corn elote, bluefin tuna & abalone with chile pasado, striped bass with green pistachio mole, full-blood medium rare wagyu with chile ajo and roasted eggplant, mole madre & mole nuevo, and mango sake sorbet with fermented lime granité and yuzu. Every dish was exquisite and brought out flavors and emotions that we had yet to feel while consuming food. Following the meal, we stopped by the Airbnb and went out in the night to see the historical city center in Zocalo, which had numerous lighted displays of various figures from Mexican independence and revolutionary history, culminating with a dinner at Azul Histórico after some shopping. Zócalo was a ceremonial center for the Aztecs in Tenochtitlan, and it was incredible to see exhibitions in the plaza of individuals including Miguel Hidalgo, Emiliano Zapata, Benito Juarez, and Quetzalcoatl.
<br/>
<br/>
With Wednesday being our first day leaving the city, we awoke at 7am and promptly headed to our bus ride to Teotihuacan. The tour guide, Hermes, was joyful, hilarious, and full of knowledge. During our journey to Teotihuacan to see the ruins, we were fortunate to relearn many lessons from world history in secondary school, inclusive of the cosmopolitan nature of the city, the unique housing system with highly efficient compound structures and cooking suites, and the multi-faceted representations of culture. Murals depicting deities existed alongside a persistent practice of animal and human sacrifice, and from an economic perspective, the existence of black obsidian workshops in and around the Calle de los Muertos enabled significant trade networks for jade, bird feathers, and cacao to persist contemporarily. After a comprehensive tour, we grabbed some local conchas, spent a few amazing hours at the Anthroplogy Museum within Chapultapec Park re-absorbing as much Aztec, Oaxacan, and Mayan history as possible, and stopping by an Indian-Mexican fusion restaurant for dinner.
<br/>
<br/>
On Thursday morning, we were able to pack up quickly and catch our flight on good time. Overall, it was an amazing trip with incredible food and ample opportunities to speak with locals!
