---
layout: post
title: KKT's Bach Party in Denver
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<br/>
On Friday 06/07, I awoke early in the morning to catch a 7:00am flight to Denver. Flights pervasively contain much more turbulence than they have in years past, presumably due to the recent increasingly rapid warming of the troposphere. The flight reached on time around 10:45 AM, and I caught an Uber from the airport to take me to Novo Coffee in downtown Denver to work there for the day.
<br/>
<br/>
In the late afternoon, D/B/KKT picked me up from the cafe, and we all went to get Torchys (which was my first one ever!). The fried avocado tacos were delicious and the mix of the poblano salsa and chipotle aioli were great complements to the flavor of the tacos. Soon after, we headed to the Airbnb to check in and played foosball and Pacman on the arcade machine in the recreation room. Subsequently, after picking up P from near Union Station, we picked up some food from Aloy Modern Thai, in Denver’s downtown. The rest of the crew came in around 10pm, and although we had initially booked a Rocky Mountain National Park timed entry pass for 6-8 am, we decided to push it to the afternoon instead and keep different morning plans so that we could sleep in for a bit.
<br/>
<br/>
The next day, all of us woke up in the morning, showered, and after having some tasty albeit makeshift breakfast consisting of pb/belvita bars/bananas, we headed to the Flatirons Loop in Boulder for our first hike of the day! It was a 2.7-mile trail and we ended up only completing ~2 miles roundtrip, with the critical prioritization of getting lunch. After some searching, we found a delicious Italian restaurant named Parma Trattoria & Mozzarella Bar, where we all shared many items including a Quattro Stagioni (four seasons) pizza, a breaded eggplant pizza, and a hearty bucatini cacio e pepe with truffle oil. Subsequently, as the food comas inevitably set in, we ended up driving towards Rocky Mountain National Park, and the rain and hail picked up considerably. On the way, we stopped at Party City to pick up a sash and tiara for K, and a bunch of “I Do Crew” pins for all of us to wear for the rest of the day. The tiara was firmly locked with multiple tight plastic belts, but after a considerable amount of skilled engineering and brute force by J in the car, we were able to open it with a key and a safety pin (who needs scissors?). As we proceeded in the direction of Rocky Mountain National Park, we had the chance to stop at almost a dozen vista points to take some beautiful pictures (of views, moose, and elk!). Our elevation oscillated between 10K and 12K feet for a while, and eventually, we arrived at the Continental Divide at Milner Pass, which separates the watershed drainage into the Atlantic Ocean from that of the river systems that drain into the Pacific Ocean. In snow that was packed no less than several feet deep, we exited our vehicles in the minimalist shorts and t-shirts that we had confidently worn for 85-degree weather during the hikes, and nearly all of us braved out the 40-degree F traversal to the top of the hill at Milner. Thankfully, we were rewarded with some incredible views of the snow-capped peaks and cloud formations!
<br/>
<br/>
After culminating that chilly adventures, we switched drivers from R to N in my car and headed out to a Mexican restaurant named Adelitas Cocina y Cantina in downtown Denver for dinner, recommended by J. It was some of the best Mexican food that I’ve had in the U.S., on par with Quinto Sol in Redwood City (which has a similar Pueblan flavor influence). One of their tastiest cocktails was the Naranja Fresca, which is an amalgam of mezcal (Madre Mezcal Espadin, which is batch-made in Oaxaca), orange bell pepper, sour orange, and cantaloupe. The smoky taste of the mezcal (derived from roasted agaves) complemented the sweetness of the cantaloupe very well. We then headed back to the Airbnb to hang out, and I had the chance to show YouTube videos to some of the guys of a few of my favorite comedians, including Ronny Chieng and Ramy Youssef. A little after midnight, we all hit the sack.
<br/>
<br/>
In the morning, we had the chance to make breakfast and hang out in the Airbnb for a bit while spending some time on the roof deck, which had a grill that we, unfortunately, didn’t have the time to use while we were there. From there, we split into 2 cars based on who was flying out when, and I went with D and B while the rest of the crew departed in the other car. After dropping off the car at the rental (following the rule of filling gas in a 5-mile radius of the return location before dropoff), we took the shuttle to the airport and said our goodbyes. The flight back was slightly turbulent at the outset since it was leaving amid a thunderstorm, but it eventually mellowed out, and I watched an excellent action thriller called “The Beekeeper” with Jason Statham on the in-flight TV.
<br/>
<br/>
It was such a wonderful trip! Thanks to everyone for making it such a blast, to R for planning the entire thing, and to KKT for being a great sport while his lads made endless fun of him. Though the trip’s population was dominated by the UTA boys, I was glad to be an ancillary member.
