---
layout: post
title: LA Visit
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<br/>
LA is one of my favorite cities to visit over a weekend from the Bay Area, speaking as a moderately itinerant traveler. I decided to make a short 2-day trip to see my cousin S (who recently got engaged!) and his fianceé M, as well as to celebrate the birthday of one of my close college friends, J, who also went to high school with me. My friend S was at Coachella, so I wasn't able to see her but I'll catch up with her in May when she visits SF.
<br/>
<br/>
Upon some planned reflection, given that my flight was early on Friday morning, I decided to stay with some friends (K+A) in the Peninsula area on Thursday night since their apartment is significantly closer to SFO than mine. On Friday morning, I woke up at 4am, rolled out of bed, brushed, and slept my way to the airport in an Uber. Upon boarding my flight, I was thoroughly entertained by 3 guys sitting in the row behind me bashing the quality of some of their past experiences on United flights in Hindi. The flight was just over an hour, and after reaching LAX, I spent almost 15 minutes standing outside while trying to understand why the Uber app was forcing me to take an Uber Black/Luxury vehicle over an UberX, from the Arrivals Terminal doors. As it turns out, there is a system known as LAX-it which was instantiated on October 29, 2019; all my trips to LA between 2019-2023 have either been via driving directly, taking a bus, or being picked up at the airport by family, so I had never needed to use this system in the past. LAX is currently undergoing the construction of a "people mover train", a multi-modal transit station, a new parking structure, and terminal upgrades, and the LAX-it rendezvous point is meant to serve as a stopgap solution for travelers exiting the airport, up until productionized intra-airport public transit is generally available. UberX comes directly to the LAX-it zonal pickup area, which I reached via the shuttle. While the LAX-it system has noble goals and isn't , it needs significant improvements to meet the intended goal of airports to minimize personal interruptions. Weather in LA makes this solution less untenable, but east coast cities' pickup areas face potential subsequent declines in traveler sentiment from architecting similar transportation models. Furthermore, the loss of curbside convenience increases intractability for certain passenger groups, including elderly travelers, families managing multiple young children, and passengers with heavy luggage. Needing to take Uber Black due to personal physical limitations in reaching the LAX-it zone serves as a large challenge for these groups of travelers.
<br/>
<br/>
After reaching the office around 8:30am, I started my work day and grabbed a tasty breakfast burrito from the market café adjacent to the office. Shortly following lunch (yep I ate a second burrito), I went to grab coffee with my college friend A in the Arts District at a café named Kodo, and after we took an enjoyable stroll through Little Tokyo, I had the chance to return to the office to finish a few more hours of work. Around 6:00pm, M & S were around an hour away from reaching the office, so I decided to look for a gym on campus to freshen up. It was revealed to me that the onsite gym was for members only, but I ended up striking up a fun conversation in Spanish with a Honduran lady named K who was a member of the cleaning staff. She relayed to me that she had studied programming and math, and was working shifts in LA to save some money for further higher education.
<br/>
<br/>
Once M and S reached around 7pm, I gave them a quick tour of the office, and they astutely observed that its architectural layout corroborates all of the Silicon Valley memes. Since we're all huge fans of Southeast Asian food, we ended up going to a Thai place called Luv2eat Thai Bistro near West Hollywood, and the food was incredible! Wonderful panang curry, eggplant green curry, spicy basil fried rice, and drunken noodles. After stopping to buy groceries, we watched the F1 Chinese Grand Prix Sprint Quals (being held in Shanghai) at home.
<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, M made some tasty homemade crepes which we had with berries, bananas, whipped cream, and some peanut butter while watching F1 Q1/Q2/Q3 regular Quals. Verstappen is an animal. Around 10:30am, they drove me to my friend J's birthday brunch at Pijja Palace, and I cannot possibly overstate how much I love that restaurant's food; it's practically 15% of the reason I visited LA. Their signature fusion dishes include okra tater tots, dosa onion rings, mint chutney pizza, malai rigatoni, and cookies & cardamom soft-serve. J, her dad, and I were on our way to pick up the cake before our planned celebration at J's apartment, and all of a sudden, the Accord flashed a yellow battery light on the dash, and the visual infotainment display started flashing on and off, oscillating rapidly and repeatedly between HD Color and pitch black. One stoplight before we got onto the freeway, the car shut down completely due to what we found out to be alternator malfunction; there was no more electrical energy available, and only mechanical capabilities worked (e.g. opening the doors, opening the trunk to retrieve my luggage, etc.). Thankfully, we managed to pull over just in time, and J's dad was able to secure a tow truck for us via calling AAA. Though it was a challenging situation, we were grateful that this occurred in broad daylight, completely off of the freeway, and along with J's dad helping us out a ton!
<br/>
<br/>
Though we ended up cancelling the planned cake-cutting & celebration at J's house with her friends, we were able to still pick up the cake (they added 2 inches in height to it since we informed them about our predicament!) and cut it at home; the apricot preserves on the inside were delicious. After we finished eating our cake (there was still 90% left), I needed to catch my evening flight, so J and I said goodbye and I departed for the airport. Upon reaching SFO a few hours later, a few of my friends (A+K) picked me up from the airport and we went to a Jazz Night in SF hosted on the rooftop of the apartment of another friend of ours; they brought my suit along so that I could change from my hoodie & shorts once we reached the venue.
<br/>
<br/>
Overall, it was a short but fun trip!

