---
layout: post
title: Japan Trip
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<br/>
A trip to Japan was long overdue, and I’m glad I was able to make one before starting the new gig!
<br/>
<br/>
On Aug 25, K+A picked me up around 10:30am in the morning, and we went to play pickleball in Fremont with S. On our way to Sliver Pizzeria for a post-cardio pizza extravaganza, K and I were stopped at a light on the intersection of Walnut and Paseo Padre, and a lady with a walker who was 80 years old tripped and fell directly on her left cheekbone. We immediately rushed out of the car, helped her get indoors, and called for paramedics (though she indicated to us that she didn’t need them). Once we were able to escort her into Kaiser where she had support, we continued on to lunch, where S+S joined us. After lunch, K+A proceeded to drop me at SFO, and after an abnormally speedy security line, I caught my flight in the evening and landed in JST nighttime in Narita on the 26th. The Suica card purchase was critical.
<br/>
<br/>
At 5:50am sharp the next day, I awoke and headed immediately to the onsen in my hotel; it was fantastic. 10 minutes in the hot springs followed by a 5-minute sauna stint followed by a return to the hot springs for 10 more minutes. After showering, freshening up, and going for a long walk around Akasaka, my friend L and I decided to spend a few hours walking around Ginza before I had to leave for Kyoto. Nearly every store was closed until 11am, but we were able to walk around Zara (which has better selection in Japan than in SF or NYC) and several mall complexes. Around 11am, I swiftly checked out of the hotel and proceeded to Tokyo’s central station, where I took the Shinkansen to Kyoto. Despite the Maglev hitting ground speeds higher than I’ve ever been (~186 mph), it felt remarkably smooth. The magnitude of the train’s speed was such that the positional relativity of low altitude clouds from the train’s vantage point moved along with the backdrop of the green hills with astounding celerity, a visual effect that can best be epitomized by the video that I took out of the window. After reaching Kyoto, I dropped off my belongings and headed immediately to Osaka to meet with my dear college friend M. Without delay, we found an excellent Gyukatsu restaurant with fresh Wagyu, where we were provided a Yakiniku setup. Through a fire-heated wood charcoal, diners can heat up their own meat in real-time to their liking, similar to KBBQ. After food, we walked all around Dotonbori (the symbolic business and shopping district of Minami within Osaka), bought some nice streetwear from mom-and-pop shops as well as Uniqlo, and then proceeded to Don Quijote (the store name replaces the “x” from Miguel de Cervantes’ novel with a “j”, since J stands for Japan), which is the largest discount store in Japan. There may or may not have been a litany of gratuitous purchases of edible matcha paraphernalia. We then headed back to the station since M and her dad needed to head back to their family’s place in Kobe for the night, and I departed back for Kyoto.
<br/>
<br/>
Aug 28th was as jam packed as the 27th. After picking up a pastry and mocha at a cafe in the morning, I met up with my friends S and M (from Miami) at Karasume Oike and we proceeded directly to the Fushimi Inari Taisha Shinto shrine via transit. Upon reaching, visitors come to the inevitable realization that Fushimi Inari Taisha can’t be easily described in words. There are around 10K torii (gates), with the most famous path being the Senbon Torii path. Furthermore, there are a multitude of fox (kitsune) statues, occasionally found with keys or jewels in their mouths. I’ve never before been to a location that houses such a juxtaposition of action and peace. Portions of the shrine close to the bottom are filled with sounds from local ceremonies and tourists, and as the steps are ascended, most sounds peter out with the exception of flowing water and birds. Visually, the torii look exactly the same between the lower and upper segments of Mt. Inari, but in every other human sense, they can be perceived very differently based on their surroundings. S, M, and I had a very enjoyable journey in Inari, culminating with some shaved ice in Fukakusayabunouchicho, followed by a visit to Gion along with Pontocho Park and the Yasaka Shrine. By 3:30pm, our collective hangriness supplanted all other emotions, and we thankfully managed to find some delicious pork yaki gyoza near Sakuranocho. Post-food, S & M somehow convinced me that we should go to a fish spa with red garra, consisting of fish that nibble off dead skin from feet. Though we’ve never had our calves/ankles/feet feel so uncomfortable for 10 straight minutes, we all felt a slight pep in our steps from all the dead skin removed. After getting a subsequent tour of Six Senses and Four Seasons Kyoto, we headed back for the night.
<br/>
<br/>
Aug 29th was jam-packed with rain amongst landmark navigation. After a brief drop by the NHK television station, it was fascinating to explore the history of a once-local now-global art form at the Kyoto International Manga Museum. Tracing chronology via anecdotal works through the Edo, Meiji, Taisho, Showa, and Heisei periods was captivating. In general, the mixing of art forms has fascinated me for several decades (e.g. acting and music within musical theater), and the methodology by which isekai fantasy has recently been increasingly amalgamated with gourmet manga serves as an intriguing bridge between the representation of reality and fantasy in the genre. Though I’m a moderate consumer of manga at best, the history and the evolution of all techniques used were interesting to read about. Subsequently, after getting a dry blanket massage at Makapuu and finding some delicious ramen and sake at a local eatery, I culminated the day with a visit to Kinkaku-ji (Golden Pavillion) and Arashiyama Bamboo Garden, and had some seared salmon sushi supplemented with a canele omakase a la mode (with matcha, strawberry, candied almond, and vanilla flavors, as far as the taste buds could sense).
<br/>
<br/>
Immediately after my brain unwittingly completed 3 days of subconscious laudation of Japan’s public transit system, I reached Kyoto station on Friday morning to discover that all Shinkansen trains to Tokyo via Nagoya were conveniently cancelled due to Typhoon Shanshan. After waiting nearly an hour in line for customer support with 100 other losers (read: tourists), whose utter lack of Japanese speaking ability significantly decreased the throughput of ticket processing, I was able to find an alternate route via Tsuruga which would take me 8 hours instead of 3. However, since the only viable alternative was a flight from Osaka to Tokyo, which also had a non-negligible probability of cancellation, I chose to go through Tsuruga. Upon reaching the train, the conductor said that if I was a party of 2 or more, I would be required to stand for the entire ride to Tsuruga and through to Tokyo, but since I was traveling alone, I would only have to stand for the Tsuruga to Tokyo train. Through the expedited train line conduit via Tsuruga, I was able to luckily scheme my way into a seat on both trains and reach Tokyo by the evening after traveling for about 7 hours.
<br/>
<br/>
On Saturday morning, my nostalgia carried me to the famous Harry Potter cafe in the morning, followed by a visit to Tokyo Tower (offiically called the Japan Radio Tower or Nippon denpato). It’s lattice resembles that of the Eiffel tower, and it’s been used simultaneously as a communications tower and an observation deck for the last 65+ years. The view from the Top Deck (819 ft) far exceeded the view from the Main Deck (490 ft), and one of the quirks of the tower is that indoors, the universal greeting is “Wio!” with raised index, middle, and ring fingers. Contrary to popular belief and Reddit speculation, “WIO” does not mean tower in Japanese; it’s actually borne from the shape of the map symbol of a radio tower (to visualize this on paper: draw a W, connect the top right corner of it to a line segment protruding downwards as the “I”, and at the bottom of the line segment draw a circle as the “O” with a tangent line that is orthogonal to the aforementioned line segment). After playing some pong at the Minatoku Sports Compex (won against one of the prefecture team members!) and some sumptuous lunchtime Yakitori, my SF friend J (who’s staying with a host family as part of an exchange program for a few weeks) and I met up in Shinagawa to explore around. We grabbed soft serve/boba and went to an Italian restaurant where we tried an Oolong tea cocktail and a Yamazaki highball with single malt whiskey, and I followed this up with a nice onsen completion to the night. I was hoping to get coffee with S, A, and Z since they’d been in Japan as well, but they had a tight schedule with some train-related typhoon delays and had to head to the airport, so I’ll catch up with them in the bay.
<br/>
<br/>
After checking out of the hotel on 9/1, I saw a few more gardens, ate brunch, hung out with J in the afternoon at the Harry Potter gift shop in Minato, and bought some gifts for family/friends back home before departing on my evening flight back to SFO. It was a phenomenal trip, and the travel bug (not COVID, but the metaphorical one) has definitely bitten!

