---
layout: post
title: Hawaii Trip
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<br/>
Hadn’t been to Hawaii in 10 years, so when the opportunity arose to go with friends from the Bay Area, I hopped on it!
<br/>
<br/>
After a sumptuous Thanksgiving, 11/29 was the first day of activities. Upon reaching Honolulu in the afternoon, we had a hike with the full crew at Diamond Head, which is a volcanic tuff cone on Oahu. Proceeding through around 500 feet of elevation gain from the crater floor, we were able to climb inside multiple bunkers and view a lighthouse that was constructed in the last 2 years of WWI. Construction of these fortifications began in 1908 as part of the U.S. Army Coastal Artillery defense system, and additional components inclusive of the fire control station were crafted in the years leading up to World War I, with maintenance proceeding throughout WWII and the process of statehood in 1959. After descending from the summit, we were all esurient for food and we ended up going to a Hawaiian-Italian fusion stop called Heavenly Island Lifestyle, which lived up to its name. Four of us guys (including myself) had a citrus tomato spaghetti with Italian sausage and burrata, with a lychee spritz containing vodka, liqueur, bitter, and prosecco. We also had a 5-minute discussion on how to pronounce “lychee”, where my pronunciation was thoroughly overruled by overwhelming obduracy, and perhaps incorrect. After dinner, we got shaved ice at a closeby dessert place and immediately regretted that we forewent matcha soft serve.
<br/>
<br/>
The following morning, we got acai bowls and split into a couple of groups (one doing kayaking and one doing a jungle expedition tour and golf at Kualoa Ranch). After S and I took some absolutely stupendous swings on the driving range, we went on a tour at Kualoa Ranch which resembled a jungle expedition. Through an extremely rugged open-air Jeep ride into the Hakipu’u rainforest, we learned tons about Hawaiian history in the first 45 minutes and contemporary movie sets in the final 45. Our guide explained how an American missionary physician (by the name of Gerritt Judd) became an advisor to King Kamehameha III, and eventually bought over 600 acres of Kualoa land. The land is currently owned and managed by his descendants (the Morgan family). With respect to the land's nomenclature, the name “Kualoa” means “long back”, and the shape of the mountain range is believed to resemble the back of a mo’o (lizard), while the small island of Mokoli’i symbolizes the lizard’s tail. Within the final portion of the tour, we also caught glimpses of several movie sets used in Triple Frontier, Kong Skull Island, Jumanji, and Jurassic World. After consuming a surfeit of ‘Ulu chips, we rendezvoused with the others at Lanikai Brewing Company where a few of us shared a delicious jalapeño and pineapple pizza with fresh pulled pork (for the innocent: pineapple, <i>Ananas comosus</i>, is a tropical plant with edible fruit that goes extremely well with pizza). After catching a beautiful sunset and Hula performance at Kuhio beach, we grabbed some delicious Korean bbq and hit the sack after saying bye to M and H, since they were leaving the next morning.
<br/>
<br/>
The paucity of water-immersive activities on Saturday caught up to some of us on Sunday, but we were thoroughly fulfilled by an all-day beach day at Hanauma Bay. K, S, D, and I picked up a host of umbrellas and chairs in the morning through a subsidized program with the hotel to avoid the prospect of being assiduously roasted by the sun, and we headed immediately to the beach. The whole crew set up shop and we were able to clock several hours there! While snorkeling directly in the ocean (for the first time ever), I was able to see so many species of fish near the reef, including but not limited to the Moorish Idol, the Pacific Trumpetfish (both yellow and gray), the Raccoon/Teardrop Butterflyfish, Sailfin/Yellow Tang, and many more. After an incredible day in Hanauma, a large group of us went to the Koko Kai Mini Beach Park (China Walls) to go cliff jumping. I took a 15-20ft plunge but unfortunately got slightly cut on the mossy and slippery rocks while coming back up, but in the grand scheme of things, it wasn’t too bad at all. After getting some tempura, we all went to a mouthwatering crepe + ice cream dessert place named “MOSA!” (which had 4 free controllers to play Super Smash Brothers Ultimate, and which we examined but didn't use), after which we called it a night.
<br/>
<br/>
Since I was working on Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday, I brought my laptop along for the ride on Monday, where A/J/K/D/S and I spent the day in a quaint town named Hale’iwa (within North Shore), where we explored various art galleries, shaved ice establishments, and more. After spending some time at Laniakea Beach, we stopped in Pupukea to grab some decadent Paniolo (“cowboy”) burgers (bbq sauce, house sauce, onion rings, bacon, and patties) and ube acai bowls, after proceeding to catch the sunset at Sunset Beach Park and snorkel a bit more. A large number of folks were leaving on Tuesday, so I happened to catch S and B in the hotel lobby on their way out on Tuesday morning, and after S/K/D and I had some tasty poke in Waikiki, they headed to the airport as well. A/J/B/A/J/D were all leaving around midnight, so we all got poke (round 2) together at Maguro Brothers in the evening, and we then proceeded to the theaters (Ward center in Kaka'ako) to watch Moana 2! A few of the dishes we got at Maguro had uni (sea urchin), and I learned from A that it was used for many centuries in coastal parts of Eastern and Southern Asia as a butter substitute, which makes sense since it’s significantly more economical than other fatty substance alternates for cooking, especially for foods containing noodles and rice. Moana 2 was very good, but still not as good as Moana 1 (though an 8-year release gap does build significant expectations for a viewing audience). Wednesday was spent working during the day and traveling in the night.
<br/>
<br/>
It was a phenomenal trip! It’s going to be somewhat jarring to not see poke and musubi within every 100 feet of walking outdoors.