---
layout: post
title: Doshansari Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
RKD and the boys have been amazing friends to me over the past 10 years, and it was such a pleasure to celebrate our ~Penguin~ of a lad on such a special occasion in the warm city of Daytona Beach. SK and I had gotten a hotel room at the local Hilton to conserve on cost, and most of the other groomslads had procured analogous hotel rooms either through Super or the standard way.
<br/>
<br/>
Flying in through Denver, I was supposed to come into Orlando around 7:45pm, but got delayed, and S reached a bit after me, so we were able to take the cost-efficient shuttle directly to the hotel. Most folks were asleep by the time we reached but we managed to run into SD and RP and had a mini bool sesh with some late night energy. The next day was going to be a busy one, and since I was singing on Friday evening, I was actively aiming to conserve my voice.
<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, we awoke early around 7am, and got ready for the Haldi as soon as we could. Everyone had started to trickle in slowly, and S and I met up with the rest of the gang when we got to the main hotel room area. After smearing RD in yellow color, we all carried him like a group of cavemen yelping to the ocean, and dunked him in there, which was a fantastic experience through and through. K was spared from the dunking but was included in all yellow smearing activities.
<br/>
<br/>
After getting some rest in the afternoon, we proceeded to get ready for the sangeet in the evening where I was singing and where there was a dance-off that RD had requested me to participate in along with a few other folks. My rendition of Aaj Kal Zindagi (from Wake Up Sid) was well-received as a tune that was an optimistic/positive message to the couple (while not being too sappy), and D+S had epic participation in the dance-off with maximal energy output. After the garba section, which (credit to him) RD stayed dancing during even as he shed a gallon of sweat, we had a bit more dancing to do before ending the night, and it was accompanied by some tasty chaat and Indo-Chinese delicacies.
<br/>
<br/>
The next day was the day of the wedding, so it was necessary for the groomsmen to be ready in attire early in the morning in our outfits. The baraat then commenced with nearly possible remix of Bollywood and modern English music included, where a very special someone had his foot run over by the golf cart that was being driven to lead RD in the procession. But he's a hero; he still crushed his responsiblities the rest of the day and crushed the dance as well!
<br/>
<br/>
After posing for pictures outside the main fountain area, we proceeded to the actual wedding venue, and it was HOT outside. Groups of us spent time inside in the seating area, and after the Saptapati, all the groomsmen got together to throw flowers on the couple, which was a beautiful moment. RD, being the fantastic negotiator he is, negotiated that he could get his shoes back if all present gentlemen (SK, RP, and I) take all the bridesmaids to lunch, and as the gentlemen we are, we obliged. After an...interesting...lunch at "Dick's Last Resort" (where the staff are specifically instructed to be rude to their patrons), we took a few hours of rest, and proceeded to prepare ourselves for going absolutely all-out at the reception in the evening. I ran into SD, WI, and Doshi in the lobby, and went up with them to RD's room to help S practice the dance before our evening practice sesh.
<br/>
<br/>
The groomsmen entrance at the reception will remain to stand above many other spectacular moments of the weekend as my favorite moment. To the tune of "Make Some Noise for the Desi Boyz", we had a stoic entrance walking in, proceeded to do our boolerous dance, and started off the night with unbridled energy. It was an amazing evening filled with great speeches from the family, a well-executed friends' choreo'd dance, and many hours of dancing to everything from bollywood to rave music, followed by an afterparty where we continued the boolerousness. At one point at the afterparty, D would shout "can I get a ____", and we'd all repeat the "____" with nfg.
<br/>
<br/>
My flight was the next morning, and I shared an Uber with two of the bridesmaids to the airport. Overall, in the wise words of D, "we'll never forget the weekend that we made a real-life Bollywood movie together for our boi".

