---
layout: post
title: KDAP Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
06/13-06/14 was another absolute blockbuster of a weekend, which started on Thursday and went through Sunday, and served to celebrate two (more) of my favorite people on the planet.
<br/>
<br/>
S/S (as well as A/H + A/S) and I were on the same flight on Thursday morning departing from SFO-IAD, so we met up at the gate at the airport, and they had kindly saved me a BEGS sandwich which truly held me over until we reached given all of our rising hunger levels. The flight was relatively uneventful, and I luckily caught around 3.5 hrs of zz's, which were very helpful to frontload prior to the weekend. S and I were K's designated chauffeurs, and due to our responsibility, we needed to be awake around 7:45am on Friday and 6:15am on Saturday (which was still around 3 hours after Anokhi's wake-up time on the day of the wedding). Upon reaching IAD, the three of us went to pick up the rental car since AJ had already reached the hotel. We then proceeded to grab some Chipotle before reaching the hotel lobby around 9:45pm and wolfing down all our food together with having some much-needed TBC catch-up banter.
<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, S and I awoke and grabbed breakfast around the same time before shuttling KD to the Grah Shanti/Haldi. There were a few pujas in the morning along with some provided breakfast + lunch food, and after smearing KDAP with Haldi, we managed to procure 3-4 massive jugs of freezing water to dump on both of them by surprise. After a delectable lunch filled with kachoris, pooris, and sabzis, we dropped KD back at the hotel to rest and change, and after taking a 1.5 hr nap, we awoke again to shuttle K to Red Rock Wilderness for the pre-sangeet photoshoot. E+Z were driving A over, and we reached around the same time and caught sight of them taking some STUNNING couple shots. Then, around 6:30, we left back for the Garba+Sangeet+Mehndi and had an incredible night of food, dancing, and festivities (the corn chaat, real-time pani puri stand with pineapple and standard jaljeera, and the rest of the dinner food were all S-tier). I got some Mehndi around the same time as G, and after dancing plentifully, we capped off the night with some delicious jalebi and rabdi. It was a phenomenal night, but after dropping K back at the hotel around midnight, we knew that the job was only half-completed :)
<br/>
<br/>
On Saturday morning, our wake-up time was around 6:15am (SS got up a bit earlier than me), and our departure time was 6:45am, though it got slightly pushed since K ended up doing his photoshoot at the hotel. We transported him there to reach around 7:50am, and I made the unfortunate mistake of bringing him coffee and leaving it at the hotel. After us bridesmaids and groomsmen had our photoshoots between 8:45-9am, K's side all congregated near the entrance of White's Ferry to get ready for the Baraat (where it was great to meet AP + ST as well!). The baraat was a resounding success where there was a large collection of Punjabi/Bollywood/Western bangers, and we culminated the party with a melodious Sri Lankan song. The wedding program was a beautiful amalgam of Gujurati and Sri Lankan ceremonies (including but not limited to an Agni Pooja, Daegili Baendima, Bulath Piligeneema, and Vidaai). I only got emotional twice during the whole weekend, and one of the times was when A walked out to "Har Ghadi" as the ceremony started (the other instance was when K slow danced with his mom to "Sweet Child Of Mine" at the reception). We tried to save K's shoes but A had some extremely buff cousins who didn't spare us a chance. After the ceremony completed, we were treated to a wonderful lunch that included roasted & fried long bhindi, jalfrezi, paneer, and much more. Before we broke for the afternoon, there was a coin game that A+K had to play where A completely demolished him by finding a ring faster than he did, amongst a bucket of coins filled with milk. We should have warmed him up for that at the bachelor party!
<br/>
<br/>
S and I were DEEPLY, and I mean DEEPLY, hoping for the chance to nap, but time was unrelenting. We managed to get around 20 min at the hotel to freshen up and change, and proceeded immediately back to White's Ferry for the reception. The chicken 65, gobi manchurian, and Aam Palak Chaat were by far some of my favorite dishes ever had, and for each table, KDAP had prepared an event in their love story described with ingredients and directions, just as a recipe would be found in a cookbook. I really wonder who's responsible for transforming me into a foodie in the past 5 years.
<br/>
<br/>
The speeches and dances crept up on us faster than I was expecting, but they all went really well. AJ, SS, and I had a group speech together where we each did 2 minute vignettes, and they were all pretty well-received by the audience as well. Glad (read: relieved) my impression turned out alright; it was a bit nervewracking. After the speeches, the planned choreo sequence commenced, where our post-college friends dance number (to Mauja Hi Mauja) was the last song of the performance, and we proceeded to go hard on the dance floor for 3+ hours, with the occasional break for It's-Its, gulab jamun cheesecakes, and cheese masala fries. S and I were dead, I mean exhausted, by the end of the night, but we managed to make it to the afterparty for a bit, and we were able to return the car to the dealership the next morning before our flight back.
<br/>
<br/>
Analogous with the Doshansari weekend, the Karvokhi weekend was truly magical (we killed that shit ngl), and I am constantly reminded that the people that we celebrated made it as magical as all the festivities/food/alcohol (though those definitely assisted)!