---
layout: post
title: R + A Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
It's funny how adulthood can help the most fortuitous of dear friendships burgeon, with some carving their path through arbitrary connections and some via a series of connections that have materialized over years of shared experiences. R and I went to college together, but we only had our first extended conversation when S (a friend who I met through my Princeton RCA friend D) had invited me to TopGolf back in early 2024. We found how much we had in common and I visited him at Google for lunch around 30 times in the past year and a half. R is one of the 2 funniest friends I have, but he is also an incredible community builder, creative artist, and human being; he's someone I always look for advice from with respect to ethical/moral questions that I have for decisions I make. One of the luckiest friendships I've made during adulthood!
<br/>
<br/>
R and A had their wedding in the DMV area this fall, and it was a delightful time. After finishing up work on 10/3, I took the direct flight from SFO to Dulles and stayed the night at my hotel in the Arlington area. The next day had 2 primary ceremonies, one starting at 1:30pm and the other starting around 5:30/6pm. The first was a Muslim wedding consisting of a Nikkah and it was held at the Diyanet Center of America in Lanham, and I luckily ran into my guy ME-D when I came . The mosque was absolutely beautiful architecturally, and it is run by a non-profit organization that is funded by the Turkish government, founded in 1993. The Nikkah was a smaller event than the evening reception, but it was a wholesome but concise set of ceremonies comprising of mutual consent, a marriage contract (Nikah-Nama), and witness signatories to be present to validate the agreement and sign the contract. After it was over, many of us congregated outside of catch up, and D+S kindly gave me a ride back to my hotel since they were also headed to Arlington (most other folks like P and H were staying in DC proper).
<br/>
<br/>
Following a 45-minute power nap at the hotel, I headed over to the Smithsonian Postal Museum for the reception. It was a beautiful amalgam of Afghan, Palestinian, and Lebanese culture. Starting with Hors d'oeuvres, the ceremony kicked off, and the speeches began with S crushing his speech. PQN and I got to hang out at our table, and one of the coolest aspects of the night was that the entire Postal Museum was open for viewing; we got to walk by parts of the National Philatetic Collection, such as the famous "inverted Jenny" error stamp and John Lennon's childhood stamp collection. After a delicious Afghan dinner (catered by Sheeryakh in Alexandria) followed by knafeh and fereni, we vibed on the dancefloor for a bit with all the #bayboys, and I left around 10pm. The following morning, PQN and I went food+museum hopping, starting with grabbing bento boxes at Teaism Dupont and then visitng the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History and the Air & Space Museum after that. MAN is it helpful to have PQN walking through a museum with you, because you can ask any question, and he'll give you a thoughtful answer every time.
<br/>
<br/>
After catching my flight back in the afternoon, I was coming down with a slight cold, so I called it a night early. Overall, it was an amazing trip to celebrate two very special people!