---
layout: post
title: KD's Bach Trip in KC
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
KD had asked S and I to plan his bachelor party in early 2025, and so after brainstorming through a potpourri of U.S. cities, we decided on Kansas City on the weekend of May 16-18 since it was a central location and since it was a place that he had never visited before. One caveat: since K is the definition of chill/vibes/spontaneity, we decided that, in his honor, we would reveal neither the weekend nor the location to him until we set foot on the arriving flight, which was successfully aided by tons of planning on the side with A. He thought he had a spa weekend coupled with an opportunity to set a new PR at Bay to Breakers, but alas it wasn’t so :)
<br/>
<br/>
On Thursday the 15th of May, I crashed at S’s place for the night, and on Friday morning both of us decided we’d aim to surprise K first thing in the morning. After our Uber reached their place at 6:45, we came up to the door, rang the doorbell to wake him up, and blasted Danza Kuduro on a speaker to surprise him — it was a memory I’ll never forget, and A got the whole thing on video.
<br/>
<br/>
We had a 3 hour layover in Burbank where we pretended that we were going to LA, and the 3 of us went by Porto’s to pick up some tasty breakfast sandwiches. After making a quick stop at Crumbl, it was time to head back to the airport, and finally as we headed to the gate, we revealed to our boy that we’d be heading to Kansas City, and he was palpably surprised, but excited. Upon reaching, once we sent plenty of pics to the group chats with the unbridled quanties of Taylor merch that we saw in the airport, we eventually made our way to the Airbnb where we met all the guys. For dinner, we had to get BBQ first thing, so we decided to head to the famed Jack Stack Barbecue in the Crossroads Arts district, and it supplanted Panther City in Fort Worth as the best I’ve ever had. Brisket, burnt ends, pulled pork, bacon mac-n-cheese, cheddar jalapeño cornbread, and onion rings were all part of the mix; we even felt like we deserved it since we ended up taking the long way around the entire block (0.4 miles) after turning left to exit the Grunauer beer garden, instead of turning right and walking 50 feet.
<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, we visited a Mexican-themed breakfast cafe named Cafecito Lindo in Lenexa, and the tortas were nearly on par with the ones that I had with N in Mexico City last year in October. Our plan for the day was to ride the KC Streetcar (free public transit so highly endorsed by K) to visit a variety of local landmarks, including Union Station (with miniature train exhibits), the National WWI Museum and Memorial (the first WWI-exclusive museum that I’d ever been to), the Crown Center, and River Market (where we picked up some board games including Coup and One Night Werewolf). It was fun to absorb such a variety of lore during the day, ranging from the artillery/art/flight/submarine-powered war strategies of WWI to the history of the sinkage of the Steamboat Arabia in 1856. To cap off the evening, we went to a very highly rated sushi spot named Blue Sushi Sake and Grill, and indulged in crab rangoons, yellow tail, dozens of rolls, and of course, sake. After loading up entirely, we had some time to chill in the nighttime in the Airbnb and played all the board games that we had bought earlier in the afternoon. A’s bachelorette party may have drank 5x the amount of alcohol that we did during our weekend — they’re bigger legends than us.
<br/>
<br/>
Most of us had our flights departing KC in the afternoon/evening time on Sunday, so we decided to grab some food from a famous mochi donut shop named Blackhole Bakery before heading to the airport. The bakery was one of those spots where you order in a moving assembly line, and the food is fully ready by the time a group of individuals reaches checkout; we underwent so many changes of mind while ordering that it may have been the first time that food was waiting for a customer at the establishment, rather than the standard occurence of a customer waiting for their food. The mochi donuts were excellent, after finishing those, S and K dropped me at the airport so that I could catch my flight to DC.
<br/>
<br/>
Overall, it was a successful trip to a 2 new states (KS & MO) to celebrate one of my favorite people!
<br/>
<br/>