---
layout: post
title: Tush Bach
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
As long as I've known family members of my age, I've always had immense admiration for T; he serves to be someone (along with the rest of my cousins and my bro K) who I can treat as a peer but simultaneously learn loads from. It was an incredibly special experience to celebrate his bachelor party in NYC during the weekend of the summer solstice.
<br/>
<br/>
Flying through Chicago Midway, I was supposed to reach on Thursday June 19 to stay with G+J for a night before spending the weekend at the Airbnb with all the guys. However, after reaching Chicago, all flights to NYC were cancelled for the rest of the evening due to severe thunderstorms; after calling K a few times to figure out what flexibility would look like (and observing that there were no reasonable travel methods to Cleveland for the night), I decided to stay an extra night in Chicago and fly out the next night. It proved to be quite optimal since I was able to get work done from Chicago during the day on Friday, and caught a late afternoon lunch with SK and AA at Machamantales before heading back to Midway on Friday evening. Thankfully the flight was reliable the second time over, but traffic from LGA to the Airbnb was abysmal (at 9:30pm on a Friday!), and I ended up reaching the Airbnb around 10pm. We did some bar-hopping at Bird in Hand and the Vale Public after playing some pong back at the homestead, and culminated the night a bit early around 12:30am to save our energy for the big day (Saturday is for the boys).
<br/>
<br/>
Saturday had an excellent start with us commencing the day with brunch at one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to in the US: Fish Cheeks in LES. It was received highly by S's fiancé & her fam, and it delivered; the coconut crab curry, crispy pork, ground beef, and spicy tofu were fantastic. After adding to our step count bar/cafe-hopping at Dark Matter Coffee,  Mr. Purple's rooftop, The Long Pour, COPS, and Blind Tiger, we took a brief respite at the Airbnb before heading to Malecon for dinner (which was another top-tier spot). We then pre-gamed at the house where we started with all giving 30 seconds of praise to T in a circle, and then proceeded to start trash-talking each other at rage cage & more, which was great to observe for me as someone who drinks the least out of all the guys. In 2 cars, we headed to a rave at the Mirage in Brooklyn (which played a collection of Middle Eastern & Latin house music); we ended up leaving in an early group and a later group, and I left promptly with the early group at 3:45am, since I had a flight the next morning.
<br/>
<br/>
Overall, it was an incredible weekend, and it'll be exciting to run it back at the wedding in August!