---
layout: post
title: Sri Lanka + Qatar + DC + Chicago in a Week (KDAP Intl. Wedding Trip + {T+M} Wedding + {A+N} Wedding)
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
If life gives you an opportunity to celebrate 3 nuptials of 3 special couples in a single week in 3 different locations spanning diametrically opposite parts of the globe, in conjunction with spending a day in Doha, don't pass up on it.
<br/>
<br/>
It's common knowledge that my north star is to visit 30 countries by 30 and all 50 US states by 30, and this trip was a golden opportunity to make good headway on my country count. It made the most sense to leave on Saturday so I'd reach Colombo early on Monday morning, and the best flight path was through Qatar Airways (it was my first time taking it!). After reaching at around 3am on Monday (IST locally, but the plane was fortunately not running on IST) and watching the Gran Turismo & BTTF on the way, I was able to get to my lodging via Uber ride, and grabbed some morning coffee & brunch, working from the hotel and a nearby cafe (Grind) till a little after noon.
<br/>
<br/>
After finishing up work, it was an absolute field day: I went by their apartment where A & Ke picked me up, and we went immediately to rendezvous with KD at the Lovi fitting boutique; the store manager took the time to explain the history of the Nilame suit (which KD's wearing for the wedding) and how different design patterns and structural characteristics have evolved over time, initially created and donned by the Kandyan aristocracy, then muted by British tailoring influence during the Colonial era, and finally revived post-independence after 1948. After setting a time for the fit pick-up, we proceeded to walk down the One Galle Face beachfront to the main mall, where we spent nearly an hour looking for a pair of sunglasses for me :P 10 escalator rides and a few thousand steps later, we finally found a store that sold affordable sunglasses, and I got a new one for ~14 (on par with my CVS standards).
<br/>
<br/>
It was a large goal for me to try lots of tea while local, and our adventures didn't disappoint; we stopped by Basilur for some tasty chai & torched salmon sushi, soaked in the architecture of the Shangri-La main hall adjacent to where the wedding festivities would be, stopped by an ayurvedic spa shop in the Dutch Hospital Shopping Precinct, and ran it back with some tasty peach tea and chamomile at the t-lounge in Dilmah, culminating the day with a tasty dinner with cocktails at Virticle with some incredible night views of the city. It's not always easy to stay awake from 3am-10pm, but having the besties by your side all day and making great memories with them definitely helps out.
<br/>
<br/>
Tuesday and Wednesday were dedicated mostly to work in the morning through afternoon, sightseeing in the afternoon hours, and either work or social plans in the evenings! On Tuesday, I spent 8am-1pm working, and after that, spent nearly 5 solid hours exploring around the city, traversing the Viharamahadevi Park, the Colombo National Museum, the Sri Lankan Cricket Museum, Gangaramaya Park, and more. Soaking in the history within the national museum was so enjoyable, where I both learned and refreshed my memory about a variety of topics, ranging from the evolution of various irrigation and manufacturing techniques of implements during the Anuradhapura/Polonnaruwa/Dambadeniya/Gampola/Kotte/Sitawaka Periods, to the iterations of localized coinage commoditization (punch-marked coins to kahapanas to Central Bank issuance in the 1950s), to the influence of distinct sects of Theravada Buddhism/Hindu Shaivism/Sunni Islam/Catholicism on architectural entities such as stupas of the 1200s/1300s, Moorish minarets of Galle, and the Dravidian gopurams of Kataragama. Truly a treat! During and after work on Wednesday, I was able to visit the Gallery Cafe (which had very thoughtful artwork), the Lotus Tower, and the Sima Malaka temple in the afternoon, and we had a fun group dinner with A+K and A's Masi + family on the Virticle rooftop, prior to flying out on Thursday morning.
<br/>
<br/>
Upon reaching Doha, I had the rest of the day to kill between incoming and outgoing flights, so I decided to meet up with two friends in the city: one for an early dinner and one for a late dinner. Given that it was a calm 115 degrees Fahrenheit outside when I reached, the optimal move seemed to be to find a cool cafe to complete a few hours of work before the social plans with J and N, so I went to the Dessert Rose Cafe inside the Qatar National Museum, where I had a hummus platter (including the pomegranate flavor) alongside a much needed iced coffee. Following the museum, I proceeded to have dinner #1 with J (Yale grad) at SMAT, and the food was fantastic: we caught up on everything tech, business, college nostalgia, and music, over some chicken kebab masala penne pasta, zataar samboussa, and roasted lamb shank. After boxing me out over the bill Asian-uncle style (which happened to me again later with N and again with S in Chicago), J was kind enough to drive me around the entire city in lieu of walking around in 100+ degree weather; it was great to get a historical account of some of the key businesses, the Pearl, and the lowdown on energy/manufacturing/other aspects of the Qatari economy of the last 2 decades. After J dropped me at Souq Waqif, N and I met for dinner at Parisa and we had a nice catchup over some lamb and delicious Ferreni about ethical AI and education; it was conveniently timed since we met on the heels of the GA of CGPT Study Mode (which my friend AM actualy worked on!). On my way back to the airport to catch the next flight, it has been decided that Qatar has my heart but I'm hitherto electing to return only when the high temps are sub-95 F.
<br/>
<br/>
Luckily, I caught 12.5 hours of sleep on the 15-hour flight from Doha to DC, so when I reached at 8:30am on Friday morning, there were no energy limits. After calling K to wish him for his 29th, I headed directly to A Aunty's friend's house to shower and get changed for the morning Hindu wedding at Chinmaya Mission. The ceremony was completely founder moded by V Uncle, and it was great to see all the cousins and the bachelor party guys donned in festive Indian attire. After we finished the ceremony and proceeded it with a traditional Konkani lunch served on banana leaves, I took a few calls through the temple Wi-Fi while others headed back to the home (or their respective hotels) to prepare for the reception in the evening. Luckily, I had all my luggage on me, so I was able to freshen up and change quite quickly in the restroom into evening attire.
<br/>
<br/>
The evening event was at a fancy hotel named the Salamander in central DC, and upon reaching, we had a nice welcome to the hall, and started grabbing appetizers together. S&P gave a 500/500 speech to commence the night, and after a few more speeches, I was invited to give a short speech and sing a song ("Can You Feel the Love Tonight" by Elton John), and they both went quite well! Was lucky to receive lots of appreciative comments from folks in the audience after the song, and we had a great rest of the sangeet as well; the following morning, T dropped me off at the airport, and luckily there were no flight delays in reaching Chicago. After seeing the new "Brave New World" CapAm movie on the plane, I headed immediately to the Hyatt hotel to shower and change before A+N's wedding, and oh my goodness, what an event to culminate the wedding week! It was a wonderful reunion of high school friends (some who I see often, and some who I haven't seen in a while), and the speeches and performances by everyone were so wholesome! I've known A for 20 years, and he's one of the smartest, most genuine, and most inspirational dudes I've met; it was great to meet some of his friends from his college days at Penn as well. The next morning, I was able to grab a nice bagel brunch at R&A along with boba at Stringria with my Pton boi SK and his girlfriend before heading to the airport to commence my journey back to the bay. Chicago is truly an underrated city!
<br/>
<br/>
For every single meal that I ate in a group with friends/family members on this trip, I was boxed out from paying for the meal. Folks have some serious skills; more importantly, they are all kind-hearted and incredible hosts, and this was truly a 10/10 trip that somehow consisted of ZERO flight delays. This week was wild, and it'll be calming to have a respite from extensive wedding travel for...4 days...until NS's wedding...back in NoVA :)
