---
layout: post
title: S+J's Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
This was techincally a staycation in the woodlands of southern Los Gatos, but I think it counts as travel since I flew back across the country for it on the weekend after the Karvokhi-arathon.
<br/>
<br/>
After reaching back from DC around noon, I took some time to freshen up and get some work completed, and then suited up for Saachi's wedding. Since I was singing a song for them (Aaj Kal Zindagi), it was helpful to get some vocal rest and sleep on the 6 hour flight and at home as well. Around 3:10, I departed to reach the Nestldown location in Los Gatos, in time for the wedding ceremony at 4. The ceremony was refreshingly simple and concise; it's not that I don't dearly love my friends & family who've had longer ceremony, but the juxtaposition is to be appreciated :). It consisted of a processional, and exchange of vows and rings, and a Christian prayer coupled with a Jain mantra recited by M Aunty.
<br/>
<br/>
N, R, and I had some really nice catch-up time at the happy hour (the gobi peanut chili cauliflower was incredible), and we got to play a round of bocce and ride the mini-train that exists as part of the rustic venue. After getting seated for dinner (N, R, I, and our families were all tabled together), I sang the Hindi song mentioned above after a brief intro, and it was went well! The dinner (particularly the kofta and the palak sabzi) was delicious and we had a wide variety of tiramisu, mango mousse, and ice cream falooda desserts to complement the main meal. S uncle's speech was absolutely hilarious, including a recount of a story where M Aunty called J a "white boy with Indian values." N and I couldn't stop laughing at that one.
<br/>
<br/>
After cheering J + S on their first dance, N and I tore up the dance floor for an hour or two (R's not a big dancer but we had an awesome time with him at the events prior) and then headed back home (it being a Sunday) after saying goodbye to the families. Overall, it was a concise but incredible celebration of a dear friend of 20 years, and it was great to spend some quality time with the family as well!
