---
layout: post
title: Capping off 2024 in Ohio & Indiana
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---

<br/>
After a mini belated birthday celebration on Dec 24 with A/R/N and cat-sitting for A & J on Christmas Day while taking a respite to get lunch and watch a movie with V in Daly City, I headed to SFO on Boxing Day to ring in the new year with K, S, and A in Cleveland. The flight to Phoenix was quite bumpy, but Phoenix to Cleveland was a fairly smooth ride where I mostly slept and finished off “The Return of Great Powers” by Jim Sciutto.
<br/>
<br/>

Little did we know that the visit to BOSS Pro-Karting on the afternoon of 12/27 would kick off an ungodly frenzy of Mario Kart for 5 days straight. The win percentages also flipped for me between real-life go-karting vs. Mario Kart. After running through 3 heats, we culminated the afternoon by grabbing some chaat and dosas at Bombay Chaat and spent a restful evening at home for dinner.
<br/>
<br/>

A and I slept past noon pretty much every day of the trip, so we mostly chilled out on the 28th at home, before going out for sushi at Sakana in the evening at Beachcliff Market Square (some of the best that we’d had). Even though we’d put down a reservation on OpenTable, it didn’t seem to have registered, so we ended up killing time doing some outdoor pistol squats, dropping by a massage parlor, and visiting a video game store in the interim. On the 29th, A, K, and I went out to try a golf simulator in the afternoon, and in the evening, we stopped by Target to pick up extra controllers for the Switch as well as Carcassonne before the four of us went out to dinner at a delicious Mediterranean restaurant named Luxe Kitchen & Lounge in the Detroit Shoreway area. After a couple of games of Carcassonne, we were ready to hit the sack.
<br/>
<br/>

On the 30th, we started our day promptly around 12:30pm, and after packing all our necessary items in the afternoon, we headed out in the evening after S had finished her workday. Stopping at Piada in Dublin, OH on the way for dinner, we were able to reach our Airbnb before midnight and get some restful zzzs before the next morning. We all learned on New Year’s Eve that, despite having a population of nearly 900K, Indianapolis could have a bit more going for it. After adventuring on a tour of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and the culture-filled historical Eiteljorg Museum (which was fantastic, especially since A and I helped complete a pretty hard jigsaw puzzle before we left) in the afternoon, we’d experienced nearly everything we wanted to in the city. After grabbing some tasty chai in the Fountain Square neighborhood, the four of us had a delicious NYE dinner at Bluebeard in Downtown, and capped off the night watching the NYC ball drop and playing more Mario Kart.
<br/>
<br/>

After driving back to Ohio through snow on the 1st, we dropped A off at the airport and headed home to have a quiet night indoors. The 2nd was a nice chilled out day with even more sleep than the other days of the trip, and we concluded it with visiting a quirky bar with a fun set of snakes and ladders games complimented with questions on varying experiences within 2024 and encompassing the half-decade lookback period at large.
<br/>
<br/>

On the 3rd, I flew back via Charlotte, where I used the 4 hour layover to knock off my 30th state visited by making a quick trip to Fort Mill, South Carolina to see a history museum there. All in all, it was an amazing way to close out the year with the sibling squad, and it was an honor to win the “most hours slept” award in the household by what is likely a factor of 2.