---
layout: post
title: Pritika + Abhi Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
’m thankful to have had a wonderful trip to Dubai to celebrate P&A’s wedding, despite my aunt’s passing on the last night that I was there.
<br/>
<br/>
After the workday on Wednesday, S was kind enough to drop me off at the airport from my new place in RWC, and my flight was around 7 pm. Though I’ve typically been able to sleep quite effectively on flights, I’ve recently noticed that this is SIGNIFICANTLY facilitated with an eye mask. One was used. I slept nearly 10 hrs during the 12-hour flight to Istanbul and re-read parts of Death’s End for the rest of it. After reaching Istanbul, I had a 2 hr layover and proceeded directly to Dubai, which I reached around 3 am on Friday (11/28).
<br/>
<br/>
Upon reaching Dubai, I went straight to the hotel where we were staying (Dukes in Palm Jumeirah), and OH MY GOODNESS, it was fancy. P&A were kind enough to sponsor us rooms for the days that we were staying there. E (my friend whom I was rooming with when I was there) was only reaching on Friday night, so when I got there at 5 am, everyone was still sleeping, and I was wide awake after plentiful plane sleep. I FT’d AM (whose Friendsgiving party I missed for the Dubai trip), and said hi to all the Waterloo homies at the party and saw an epic potpourri of dishes that they made (bacon & spinach stuffed chicken by SB seemed like it would take the grand prize).  Then I FT’d K&A, who were in Humboldt County for a road trip to wish them a happy TG as well (they brought us back these Hum Yum Sea Salt Caramels that were fantastic).
<br/>
<br/>
Still having a couple of hours to kill before lunch, I worked on two personal projects of mine around quantitative metric analysis of the best NFL and cricket players in the world right now, and what makes each of them a prolific athlete. After that, Doshansari and I got lunch at Revo Cafe at NH Collection (including an impossible-to-finish impossible burger), and we then proceeded to check out the Dubai Mall. If the Westfield near Santana Row is paying Dwayne Wade then Dubai Mall is paying Lebron; the number of luxury retail outlets present was astronomical. Since they wanted to check out some perfumes, we stopped by Arabian Oud, a popular Saudi Arabian fragrance brand and retail store chain that has over a thousand locations across the globe and got them a sweet buy-one-get-one-free deal. After walking around, we stumbled by a tea tasting shop where they kept making us drink free samples after they chanted “Habibi, Welcome to Dubai” (pretty questionable business model), and we ended our adventures stopping by HAFIZ MUSTAFA 1864 to grab some plain & Dubai chocolate baklava. 
<br/>
<br/>
Realizing we were running tardy, the 3 of us bolted to the hotel, ran into D&M, sprint-changed, and headed back down so that we could make our way to the Burj Al Arab for the Welcome Social. It was a wonderful event by the water, where we had apps and got to hang out with all of our Princeton friends and all of A’s friends. It was really amazing to have a setting to do this before the wedding because the couple is always so busy during the wedding, so spending some quality time with them beforehand is high-value. A few of the folks were going out clubbing, but I am a boomer, and I headed back to the hotel with the early-sleeper lads, but not before squeezing in leading a dance practice where we had 15 attendees and grabbing dinner with Doshansari and Waka Flocka Flame at Khyber, which was an Indian restaurant on the terrace of our hotel. Fantastic chicken jalfrezi ngl.
<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, the lads EW, RD, and I had a little pregame brunch (at “Great British Restaurant”) & beach day before the Haldi/Mehndi, where we swam some laps in the sea, and we proceeded up to the venue, which was a 1-minute WALK from our room. A delicious menu of chaat, sandwiches, bhel, dahi bhalla, and desserts accompanied us, and after a 4-hour nap, we all proceeded to the Sangeet in the evening, where we would do the Friends’ dance. We had a medley of Tauba Tauba, Tum Hi Ho Bandhu, and Sapphire, and everyone crushed it on the dancefloor, after which we had a festive time with a mix of Hindi and English songs to vibe to. The night was only getting started, since I was somehow(???) convinced to join the crew for a Calvin Harris concert at Ushuaia (no idea how I mustered the energy for that, but I did).
<br/>
<br/>
The wedding was the next day at Palm Jumeirah, and cars were everywhere. Not only was it super fun to ride there in the Limo, but we saw A come in for his baraat in a Ferrari, which was baller. After that, we had a delicious array of dishes and got to experience the most lovely wedding right on the beach! Unfortunately, about an hour after we returned to the hotel, I received a text from Dad about Akka, and I proceeded back to the US afterwards.
<br/>
<br/>
All in all, it was a wonderful vacation and reunion with all my college friends to celebrate two very special people! Akka would have wanted me to enjoy my trip and make memories, and I’m so glad I had the chance to do so, and that I had the opportunity to see her and give her hugs before I left for Dubai on the 26th.
<br/>
<br/>