---
layout: post
title: N+A Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
It had been a while since I'd been in Northern Virginia (5 days), so it was nice to have the opportunity to travel to the DMV area for the weekend for NS+AM's wedding, and stay at A Aunty's place for the weekend. After watching Top Gun on the plane ride over, I reached in the night to pick up the rental car, and then headed over to McLean
<br/>
<br/>
Friday didn't have any events during the daytime, so I spent the morning working from home and then went to a cafe in Bethesda named maman for a few meetings. After arriving back, I headed over to the Sangeet at Rose Hill Manor, and there were a potpourri of delicious dishes! The catering was performed by Silk Banquet in Leesburg which was used by some of my friends for their wedding earlier in 2025, and has plenty of local Leesburg weddings that it caters for every year. The paneer tacos, aam palak chaat (round 2), and cocktail bar were followed by a night of revelry, dancing, and fun conversation. It was exciting to meet up with so many SF folks from my times hanging with Nick in the bay area, and also to meet with a large amount of NY and DC folks as well! Nick's groomsmen remind me so much of my college homies from Princeton; full of intelligence and prowess in their careers paralleled with complete boolery on the side. A really entertaining group of guys to be around and to hang out with.
<br/>
<br/>
Saturday truly upped the ante despite how fun Friday was. The baraat kicked off the morning with Nick riding in on a horse, and it was TOASTY. There were a delicious array of North Indian breakfast delicacies, accompanied by lemonade and badam lassi, and after a wholesome ceremony, we headed inside for a full Punjabi-mode lunch. N+A had a magazine which was one of the cutest representations of a meetcute story that I've seen; it had pictures of everything from their screenshotted first Hinge convo to the photos taken at the wedding. After getting a few hours of sleep in the afternoon, we all headed back in the evening for the reception; the food served upon entry included Raj Kachoris, aloo tikki, and everything in between. Each guest had personalized notes written to them on placards that were at the center of the hall in White's Ferry (deja vu), which was very sweet; it reminded me of the notes that KKT had written at his wedding last year. After the surprise Attan dance that we had practiced for A, as well as lots of dance floor vibing and some dessert, I left around 11pm since I needed to be up early the next morning.
<br/>
<br/>
On Sunday, thanks to the RKD-maestro, I got to visit my 40th state! RD is such a trooper; he took a 4:30am train from Philly to come to DC at 6:30 in the morning, and we had a boolerous journey to Harper's Ferry in West Virginia to hike and explore the small town. The lad has a wonderful partner, but even through married life and grinding away to crush it at DeepMind, he's managed to keep his social energy tall as ever. The maestro and I had a maelstrom on the way over to the park with his sheer inability to navigate, causing me to change directions while driving several times over; given he's just finished reading Peter Attia's Outlive, we were joking how my driving may be the 5th Horseman.
<br/>
<br/>
Overall, it was an amazing weekend spent with a lot of solid people! Till the next adventure.