---
layout: post
title: 4 New States
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
As is now common knowledge among most of my friends and family members, I'm on a mission to visit all 50 U.S. states; a visit doesn’t include layovers but rather necessitates a sufficient experience of the culture and the food of a given state at hand. After starting this trip at a count of 32, I’m now at 36 thanks to some solid adventures with A to the Deep South Highlands; the drives were filled with banter, tunes, and the occasional audiobook narrated by Andy Serkis.
<br/>
<br/>
Leaving at 9:30am from SJC on 04/22, I had a relatively smooth flight to BNA (Nashville) within which all the turbulence of the flight was crunched into the final 15 minutes before landing. A had driven up from Atlanta in the morning and stocked the car with fruits, nuts, and granola bars. Upon my pickup and our check-in into Best Western Brentwood to drop off our belongings, we decided to explore the Gulch and cap off the night with a lighted view of the local Parthenon building. Creamy mac-n-cheese with hot sauce at Peg Leg Porker BBQ was followed by A’s foray into the world of focaccia at St. Vino’s Focacceria, and he claimed it was the best one he’d had to date. Carb-loading was a signature event on this trip, so we decided offset this reality by renting a few electric bikes from a BCycle stand; BCycle is an e-bike public sharing company based in Philly and operates in nearly 30 cities across the nation, having been founded a year before Uber with a pilot program of 1000 bikes being made available at the 2008 DNC in Denver and the RNC in St. Paul. We needed to choose between 2 bridges to pedal across and we wisely went with the Seigenthaler Bridge where we were able to capture some picturesque photos of the adjacent Korean Veteran Memorial Bridge complemented with the sunset backdrop of the Cumberland River. Despite the kinetic charging from pedal movement, the electric bikes could barely support our weight going up and down slopes independent of manual pedaling, so we ended up with a decent workout through traversing Wasioto Park, the Ghost Ballet sculpture, and the Schermerhorn Symphony Center. After a quick ice cream stop at Jeni’s (first time for me) and a sumptuous dinner at bartaco with some adobo piña + pollo verde tacos, fried plantains, and esquites, we visited the lighted-up Parthenon to take some pictures and called it a night.
<br/>
<br/>
Having packed so many activities into all of 7 hours after a 3:50pm flight arrival the prior day, A and I valiantly took our opportunity to sleep in and miss the hotel’s free continental breakfast on Wednesday morning. Having filled up on eggs, bacon, and cheese grits at Biscuit Love, we headed straight for the Nasa Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, accompanied by my debut appearance at Bucc’ees. About a mile away from the GMaps destination, we got cooked by a federal officer who was manning an inbound security gate, and he shamelessly told us that we needed to turn around and go to the “play-play center where the kids do their field trips”; he addressed us with such contempt that, honestly speaking, I respect the steadfastness of the energy. At the U.S. Space and Rocket Center, we were greeted by a model display of the epic A-12 Oxcart (one of 13 A-12s total), which flew as part of the CIA’s Operation Blackshielfd in 1967; 50 years later in 2017, the establishment completed a full restoration of the aircraft with the removal of falling paint, silicon sealant application, scuff sanding + priming of the painted surface, and gloss coating finishes. One of our favorite aspects of the museum was that it did not simply focus on weapons and defense capabilities, but rather captured the history and lore of many countries venturing into space travel as well as space-inspired science fiction of the latter half of the 20th century. We ventured through the progression of all models of Mars rovers, satellite-powered lightning & tornado detection techniques, a hypership simulation ride, and a thorough mechanical breakdown of the Saturn V rocket which burgeoned in parallel with the success of Projects Mercury and Gemini. As amazing as the museum was, we were unfortunately greeted by a poor lunch experience that followed where the food took way too long to arrive, and the servers somehow seemed uncharacteristically standoffish while serving the only two bearded/stubbled brown guys in the restaurant; this encouraged us to bolt towards Mississippi before dusk. On our way to the quaint town of Corinth (by way of Iuka), we faced a torrentially ludicrous quantity of rain which was so heavy that the car’s high beam lights started reflecting off the downpour back at our windshield, but luckily we made it through to sample some tasty rolled ice cream and catch 3 games of checkers at a local eatery. The food service in Mississippi was 10 times better than that of Alabama (albeit given a sample size of 2), and after driving through many a windy nighttime road and stopping for pizza at a sports bar to watch the Warriors get cooked in game 2 of the Playoffs first round, we returned to Brentwood.
<br/>
<br/>
Every morning, A and I would realize how much we ate the previous day and we’d semi-seriously discuss the possibility of a 3-day fast. And like clockwork, every day at noon, we’d push forward like a couple of fearless stallions, galloping keenly towards our next 4-5 meals of the day. Thursday was the zenith of our consumption, both in variety and quantity. Having woken up full, we left the house in the late morning and commenced our drive to Louisville, 40 minutes into which we ran what was indubitably into the worst freeway traffic jam I have ever encountered in my life. Traffic on I-65N was at a quasi-standstill for nearly 30 miles, and what was supposed to be a 2h17m drive to the Lincoln National Birthplace Memorial took us nearly 5 hours total (apart from losing another hour to the time zone change); A’s a hero for getting us through that journey. After being stuck for hours on end on the freeway, during which I went for a walk outside the car and we nearly completed the 7th season of Black Mirror, we finally crossed the site of the culpable accident, at which point the wreckage had been completely cleared up. Upon our newfound freedom, we continued towards the Memorial only to get stuck behind a nimble 5mph traveling tractor on an inner road for another 50 minutes. Finally reaching the memorial at 3:40pm, we picked up pamphlets, jogged the whole trail including the stairs, and left in 15 minutes to complete a speed run of the Muhammad Ali Center and the Bourbon Trail History Museum in Louisville, subsequently proceeding to Wild Swann for dinner. It was only fitting to order an Old Fashioned in its town of origin, accompanied by some wagyu bacon sliders. Gaining an hour on our drive back with filled stomachs, we reached our hotel around 9pm and, after a gradual wave of inspiration, decided that we wanted to end the night with Indian food. Honest Vegetarian Indian Restaurant came in clutch (located in Antioch around 20 minutes away), and we bolted to reach at 9:42pm before the 10pm close. Being seated at around 9:45pm, we were explicitly asked by the owners to eat quickly since the kitchen was closing down. Upon receiving our food, A managed to house a gobi manchurian and a chole bhature in 6 minutes and 30 seconds, setting some kind of world record. I took a few minutes more, and as we were leaving, the owners looked directly into both of our eyes with a mixture of gratitude and fear. We went home and passed out cold after a warm shower (I needed to walk 4 digestive miles on the treadmill before that).
<br/>
<br/>
Overall a 10/10 trip and the first of many! Even though the dining experience was subpar in AL, the rocket center was excellent, and even though the weather was subpar in MS, the dining vibes were great.