---
layout: post
title: S+N Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
One of our dearest friends from college, the lad SD, was getting married in Jaipur in March, and there was no way the boys and I weren’t going to pull up.
<br/>
<br/>
First, a few words about S. Apart from being one of the most accomplished people I know, he makes every conversation that he joins 10x more fun; his ability to laugh and make those around him laugh is infectious. Through highs and lows, he’s a very solid friend, and N happens to be correspondingly dope.
<br/>
<br/>
Travel to the wedding was complicated by the Iran situation, but I was fortunate to have obtained a reasonably priced deal flying west through Singapore (Star Alliance 4 life). AJ was kind enough to let a group of us stay with him in Mumbai before we flew together to Jaipur, and it was such a great time. After reaching Mumbai on the morning of the 24th, I headed straight to A’s place to drop off my belongings, and we all spent a fun day at the mall. After getting lunch at Cream Centre and stopping by Bombay Sweet Shop for some chai, we headed back to the house to relax and do some of our dance practice, and we all got massages there which were FIRE. After that, A had booked us a reservation at Sahib Room & Kipling Bar at the St. Regis Mumbai, which had incredible lamb chops amongst the other dishes we got.
<br/>
<br/>
The next morning, we all awoke at around 5:15am with chai and headed straight to the airport to catch our morning flight to Jaipur. IndiGo provided a smooth ride, and we reached Jaipur on time to catch our transport to the Anantara hotel, where the wedding was taking place; there’s nothing like getting out of a taxi and being greated by several boolmaxxing Dhol players with curled handlebar staches. After getting settled in our rooms, we headed straight down to the Carnival event, which was more sights/sounds/colors than any of us could have predicted. S & N rode in on an elephant, grand as ever, and joined us for a decibel duel amongst other fun games, where the GROOM’S SIDE WON by reaching 133 dB. The bois delivered.
<br/>
<br/>
After checking into our rooms and squeezing in a dance practice sesh with the instructor in the ping pong room in the late afternoon, we were all set for the evening’s Sangeet, where there was every type of dish imaginable. Indian, Italian, Mexican fusion…the whole nine yards. We booled through our performance on stage for 2 minutes straight to Lungi Dance, Dhurandhar’s Title Track, and Badtameez Dil; after the Sangeet, there was an incredible performance by Swaraag, which is an Indian fusion band based in Rajasthan. We all afterpartied till around 2 or 2:30am.
<br/>
<br/>
The next day had the Haldi in the late morning, but even before that, we were treated to an incredible breakfast at the Anantara hotel. Amongst all the food items, my favorite was the Moonglet station, which housed a plant-based alternative to omelettes made with soaked yellow mung daal. The haldi was full of energy, along with speeches by W/A/R, and after culminating the religious celebrations with a water gun dual-sided armada, we had a tug-of-war where groom side ONCE AGAIN PULLED THROUGH. After that cardio, the Jhalmuri and Chole Kulche were on point, and enabled a nice 2 hour power-nap before the evening’s festivities.
<br/>
<br/>
As many family/friend weddings as I’ve had the fortune of attending, the Baraat never get old. After we partied S’s way to the main stage, we enjoyed a wholesome wedding ceremony with the background of the fully lighted Anantara hotel, followed by a delicious dinner of (literally) all cuisines. After getting the afterparty going past 3:30am (S+N only showed up around 2:30 or 3), I was somehow able to wake up at 7am the next morning and get breakfast and a workout in. AA, SP, and I left for the city to explore Jaipur, and we saw the Hawa Mahal, Devisinghpura, the Jal Mahal, and Kanwar Nagar. In the evening time, I caught my flight back to Mumbai, via which I made my way back to the SF Bay Area.
<br/>
<br/>
Truly a magical weekend to celebrate a legend, and one of the most memorable India trips I’ve had!