---
layout: post
title: P + A Wedding
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
<br/>
Attending F1 races live is incongruous with the tax bracket, but attending General Admission $80/weekend IndyCar races isn’t. Plus it was my cousin S’s bachelor party in Tampa.
<br/>
<br/>
After reaching around 12:15am on Saturday Feb 28th, T & I rendezvoused in the airport to pick up one of the rental cars and drive back to the Airbnb to catch the end of a round of Blood on the Clocktower (BoTC, similar to Mafia). Nearly all of us went to bed around 1:45am so that we could catch at least 6-7 hours of zz’s before the next morning.
<br/>
<br/>
Most of us had a slow start to the next morning, and around 9:45am we headed to Pipo’s for a semi-early brunch. It was a pretty solid selection of Cuban sandwiches and roast pork with picadillo, but it was also on brand for the bachelor party’s first full meal to have 17 guys crunched at a table of 10. There were great portion sizes and food nonetheless, and after we wrapped up, we headed immediately to the Firestone Grand Prix Quals in St. Petersburg. After attempting to park for 45 minutes straight (halfway through which T and I dropped off a couple of the guys in our car so that they could catch more of the event), we finally found a garage spot which was about a 20 minute walk away from the event. Walking over, T and I grabbed some refreshments, and came in around the time where the trucks were racing prior to the main quals, and it was ridiculously unnerving to see pick-ups gunning it at over 100 miles an hour; apparently their top speed reach 160-170, but they significantly reduce them on the St. Petersburg course becase of the litany of turns present.
<br/>
<br/>
Indycar is really underrated. I’d implore many F1 fans on a reasonable budget to check out the races in the U.S., which you can find in several cities around the country! A day on the track isn’t just filled with racing, but also has entertainment, great food and beverages, and live music. The race we went to was also right in the heart of the city, which isn’t always the case, but happened to be a pretty prime location for all of us to drop by a bar in the afternoon for a drink. After a full day of racing, we cantered over to Big C’s Chopped BBQ, which has incredible Southern-style smoked meats and sides (personally, I got the chicken sandwich with mac’n’cheese & candied yams). Right as we were about to order, the man himself, “Big C” walked in the door, introduced himself gregariously, and collected our orders before proceeding to make them. Not gonna lie: dude was big. He was extremely charismatic, and it was immediately clear how he’d built a successful business, especially considering his margins are strategically minute in tandem with local demand, given how inexpensive the menu items were. A full chopped chicken tray for $5 in a town the size of Tamp is no joke, especially when you don’t have the brand and distribution of McDonalds.
<br/>
<br/>
After we all picked up our food, I think around 85% of the guys (myself inclued) were ready to call ubers back to the parking lots that were housing our rental cars. The man of the weekend somehow convinced almost 15 reluctant individuals to take the local bus instead, with all of our orders in hand. The next thing we knew, we were on local transit for a wild ride: chaotic and somewhat bumpy, but authentic nonetheless. It was a roguer but significantly better way to experience navigating through the city at night, in lieu of a host of Uber rides. After getting another couple rounds of BoTC in, we called it a night; I had to leave early on Sunday morning while some of the others went to the day of races and left in the afternoon/evening.
<br/>
<br/>
Overall, it was an incredible weekend to celebrate a special dude!